Learning Journal Unit 6
The Learning Journal is a tool for self-reflection on the learning process. In addition to completing directed tasks, you should use the Learning Journal to document your activities, record problems you may have encountered and to draft answers for Discussion Forums and Assignments. The Learning Journal should be updated regularly (on a weekly basis), as the learning journals will be assessed by your instructor as part of your Final Grade.

Your learning journal entry must be a reflective statement that considers the following questions:

Describe what you did, what you learned, your weekly activities, in what ways are you able to apply the ideas and concepts gained ,  and finally, describe one important thing that you are thinking about in relation to the activity


ANSWER:

In the beginning, I start working in units 5 where I had reviewed three of my peers' work. Then I had to study the learning material and assess the reading assessments. So, that I can able to get familiar with the context of this week unit 6. It was the sixth week for me and nearly to complete my course only 3 to 4 weeks left. I had accomplished this week where I had to complete the discussion assessment at first for this week. Here I had discussed about the appropriate connection between internal or external attributes in the software development. I had also discussed cyclomatic complexity as well as maintenance of the software. In my own words, it is complex to validate the connection among the cyclomatic complexity or maintainability or in limited evidence to claims the correlation among the external or internal attributes. Here, I had also post centered the other experiments to validate the connection between to insist the correlation. Three of my peer also interact there work productively where I had also learned by engaging in the insightful discussion experience with my peers. I had done many things to share my own perspective and share my own helpful knowledge. I had also rated my peers' work and they had also reviewed my work in the discussion post. After receiving peer feedback, I start working and attempting my self-quiz. This would also help to prepare for my next week grade quiz. Next, I had to complete and submit my programming assessment and the task was about to design the flowchart, graph of the outputs as well as make a correct calculation of the cyclomatic or Mccabe complexity in the algorithm in the sample. Then I had to submit the submission and after completing all task now I am writing the learning journal. 

