True or False: It doesn’t matter how you take notes - any type of notes are effective as long as you’re taking notes.

ANSWER: False

Which of the following is NOT considered plagiarism:

ANSWER: c. Rewording someone else's ideas, and then citing the source of ideas.

To find the UoPeople code of conduct, students should:

ANSWER: a. Read Chapter 15 of the UoPeople catalog

The best strategy to prepare for your final exam is:

ANSWER: c. Study regularly

The Cornell Method for note-taking involves which of the following?

ANSWER: d. placing key words in the left-hand side margin of the paper

Giving feedback in peer assessment:

ANSWER: c. Stimulates self-reflection

Effective reading involves what four steps?

ANSWER: a. Preparing, reading, capturing key ideas, and reviewing.


True or False: When assessing peer work, it is enough to give a numerical grade - feedback isn’t necessary.

ANSWER: False


“Ad populum” means that the argument is based on:


ANSWER: d. Everyone does it



Which of the following is a technique for brainstorming new ideas by asking a lot of questions?


ANSWER: a. starbursting


Giving incorrect information about the source of a quotation could result in dismissal from the University of the People.

ANSWER: True

Which of the following journal article citations are correct?


ANSWER: Qutoshi, S. B. (2018). Phenomenology: A philosophy and method of inquiry. Journal of Education and Educational Development, 5(1), 215-222. https://doi.org/10.22555/joeed.v5i1.2154

Which of these dictionary citations is correct?

ANSWER: c. Merriam Webster. (2018). Critical. Retrieved from https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/critical


What is the most effective strategy for note-taking?

ANSWER: e. Both B and C

True or False: In a "root cause analysis" you only diagnose the cause of the issue, but do not suggest possible solutions.


ANSWER: False

Understanding the motivation a person has to do something because it is inherently interesting to them is characterized by which theory?


ANSWER: c. Self-determination theory


Which of these is NOT a strategy for self-directed learning?


ANSWER: b. Compartmentalize your learning

Which of these strategies is NOT an effective test-taking strategy?


ANSWER: b. Wait until the deadline


True or False: Sleeping more than usual is a good way to deal with stress, because your body should rest more when you are dealing with a lot of stress.


ANSWER: False


Plagiarizing part of an assignment can result in failing the entire assignment.

ANSWER: True

True or False: Self-directed learners are more likely to be extrinsically motivated.


ANSWER: False

Which of these is NOT an example of active learning?


ANSWER:   a. Reading quickly


True or False: Effective time management requires prioritization.

ANSWER: True

Which of the following are part of a person’s time personality?

ANSWER: b. Being most productive in the morning

Which of the following is an example of intrinsic motivation?

ANSWER: b. learning a new skill so that you can use it on a project you are excited to tackle in your workplace


True or False: Goal-setting improves time management.

ANSWER: True

Which of these is true about the list method of note-taking?


ANSWER: d. Both A and B.


True or False: The term "A.P.A. standards" for properly citing sources and structuring research papers, stands for "American Print Administration."


ANSWER: False

True or False: When participating in the discussion board, a one-sentence post that consists of “Good job, I like the way you wrote this!” counts as a substantive participation post.


ANSWER: False

What is the most effective strategy to manage test anxiety?


ANSWER: a. Be prepared


True or False: The Ladder of Inference helps us to stop ourselves from jumping to conclusions about situations.

ANSWER: True

What is a proctor?

ANSWER: a. A responsible individual who verifies student identity during the exam


A "time stealer" is someone who steals clocks and wristwatches.

ANSWER: False

Which of the following is the correct citation for an article on a website?


ANSWER: a. Salturu, S. (2020). An example of articles. New York Times. Retrieved from https://www.nyt.com/example




True or False: Cramming before an exam can be a very effective way to learn new material.

ANSWER: False




