Your posts should cover the questions below in full, and be at least 300 words long. Then reply to and peer-review at least three other posts by next Wednesday 11:59PM UoPeople Time, and rate the posts and replies.

This week I would like for you to find and review a project, organization or park related to protecting biodiversity. Preferably one that is near where you live. This could be a local group or non-profit organization that works to protect biodiversity. It could be a park, natural reserve, or conservation area. Or, it could be something else that is related.

Study the information you have found, then answer the following questions:

What did you choose to cover? Please list the main link to the park/reserve/organization.

Where is it located?

What is its mission?

What is one project related to biodiversity that they are doing? Please describe it (Don’t just copy and paste information form the site... please describe it in your own words).

How are human actions related to the problems they are working on?

In what ways could You participate in this project/reserve/organization you are reviewing?
Any materials cited should be referenced using the style guidelines established by the American Psychological Association (APA).


ANSWER:

Q/1) What did you choose to cover? Please list the main link to the park/reserve/organization.

This week I chose to cover the Neora Valley National Park.The main link to the park:https://whc.unesco.org/en/tentativelists/5447/

Q/2) Where is it located?

Neora Valley National Park is situated in the Kalimpong district of West Bengal state in India. This park was constructed in 1986.(Wikipedia contributors. (n.d.)).

Q/3) What is its mission?

Located in the remote part of the country, Neora Valley National Park is one of the ironic natural regions in the entire Eastern India.This park is the land of the sophisticated red panda in the untouched undisturbed natural home with rough inaccessible mountainous territory and rich miscellaneous vegetation and wildlife making this park a significant wilderness region.The mission is to protect the wild animals and plants of this region and There is a river named the Neora River that is the chief water source for the local Kalimpong town. The rever must also be protected as the local people depend on it.

Q/4) What is one project related to biodiversity that they are doing? Please describe it (Don’t just copy and paste information from the site... please describe it in your own words).

Aiming to defend wildlife protection in one of India's young and lesser-known Protected Areas, “the Neora Valley Jungle Camp” is one step to sustainable development options in this distant zone. The threatened Red Panda has lost parts of its natural home. Bamboo as the main plant for their food had been exchanged by other vegetation, often timber plants. Moreover, rapidly growing inhabitants are resulting in the growing demand for habitats. 

Q/5) How are human actions related to the problems they are working on?

The goal of this camp is to establish a community forest reserve. Local people have started the reforestation process and the need for improved education and entertainment facilities for the adolescents that used to kill birds with their catapults as a time-pass has been resolved.

So this camp is making the local people aware of the importance of the park in their life. They have also employed many local people to build a financially strong community.

Q/6) In what ways could You participate in this project/reserve/organization you are reviewing?

The first thing I can do is to visit this untapped natural resource that's not too far from where I live. Asa tourist I can improve the local tourism business and the community. Then I want to know about the ways I can directly contribute to this project, whether that be actively participating or donating as much as I can.




References:

UNESCO World Heritage Centre. (n.d.). Neora Valley National Park - UNESCO World Heritage Centre. Whc.Unesco.Org. Retrieved April 26, 2021, from https://whc.unesco.org/en/tentativelists/5447/

Wikipedia contributors. (n.d.). Neora Valley National Park. Wikipedia. Retrieved April 26, 2021, from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neora_Valley_National_ParkHelp Tourism :: Projects | Initiatives - Neora Valley Jungle Camp. (n.d.). 

Helptourism.Com. RetrievedApril 26, 2021, from http://www.helptourism.com/social-ecological-tourism-conservation-village-community-eco-tourism-projects-initiatives/neoravalley/neora-valley-jungle-camp-kalimpong-hills-darjeeling-himalaya.html