
Learning Journal Unit 3
Go to these weblinks and learn about ecosystem services, and also learn about the economic value of protecting natural ecosystems and their services.

The Ecological Society of America
Costanza, R., et. al. (1997). The value of the world's ecosystem services and natural capital. Nature, 387, 253-260.
The United Nations: The Millennium Ecosystem Assessment & Humans
Of the different kinds of ecosystem services you learned about, discuss two that are important in your local area, village, forests and/or nation.

How are these services endangered and what economic costs to society do you foresee with their loss?
For example, when people built homes and buildings over wetlands in Florida, then the wetlands were destroyed. Normally, wetlands are important to help control flooding, and without them, there were more floods and water damage in cities, which caused a lot of economic costs to the citizens. So, now Florida is trying to restore many lost wetlands in order to have the ecosystem service of flood control returned.

What is one action that people could take to help protect these services?

One or two sentences or your own personal reflection on something you learned this week.


ANSWER:

Q1. According to Wikipedia, (n.d), “an ecosystem is a community of living organisms in conjunction with the non-living components of their environment, interacting as a system”. Humans are an important part of the ecosystem and their well-being is dependent on the different services provided by the various components present within the ecosystem such as water, soil and microorganism, these forms the different parts of the ecosystem services which are the production of food and water, regulating, nutrient cycles and cultural (Ecosystem, services, 2000). Two important ecosystem services in my local area and nation include their impacts and secondly the protection of humans from harmful ultraviolet rays from the sun. 

Q2. The environment and the ecosystem are being polluted on a daily basis and this gives a negative impact on the services provided by the ecosystem and the benefits mention in the previous paragraphs. Most people in my city are not bothered about the pollution of the environment while others are not aware, they are even polluting the environment by their daily activities that include dumping of waste into the sea. Continuous running of generator by both companies and individuals which uses petroleum and the building of new houses.  

Q3. There are different steps and actions that can be taken in other to eliminate and prevent the above listed environmental issues that are produced by air pollution, which will invariably help and protect the ecosystem services. One way of reducing the effect of the environmental the pollutant is reducing the time spent using diesel or petrol generator, reduce the number of cars used for daily activities or use eco-friendly cars. Another action that can be used to protect the ecosystem services is that necessary regulations should be put in place by the authority when it comes to the building of newhouses and dumping of the waste indoor sea over rivers. The economic the implication of these human activities is seen during the raining season, with the river overflowing their banks and causing destruction of houses, lives and properties. The heat during thedry season is abnormal too due to the pollution of the atmosphere by chemical components such as chlorofluorocarbon (CFC) and causes health issues to the people and the amount of money the government to pay to support wealth insurances.  

Q4. When the ecosystem is protected, the people who are equally part of it will benefit greatly. Hence, the ecosystem should be protected for the good of humanity. 

References:

Wikipedia (n.d) Ecosystem retrieved from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/

Ecosystem Ecology Society of America. (2000). ECOSYSTEM SERVICES. https://www.esa.org/esa/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/ecosystemservices.pdf
