
Share your thoughts about the importance of being able to explain and predict health-related behaviors. To what extent do models of belief and behavior help to explain actual behavior? Utilize the readings to support your ideas. 

End your discussion post with one well thought out question related to health psychology from which your colleagues can formulate a response or generate further discussion.

Your Discussion should be at least 250 words in length, but not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references for the textbook and any other sources used.



ANSWER:



Being capable of are expecting fitness-associated behaviors allows humans to have a danger extrude their way of life and keep away from the fee of illness. For example, humans may "held sturdy fatalistic ideals approximately the purpose and manipulate of diabetes, they nevertheless said tries to extrude their existence behaviors"(Patel, n.d., P. 7). These humans are withinside the degree of Likelihood of behaviors in accordance to "the Health Belief Model (HBM) became evolved, to begin with with the aid of using Rosenstock (1966) and in addition with the aid of using Becker and co-workers at some stage in the Seventies and 1980s" (Ogden, n.d., P. 18). This is right now no longer simplest for people however additionally for the control stages to create the fitness coverage and centers to tackle its trouble withinside the future.

I suppose the imagination and behavior epidemic is doing a great job. This gear has been collectively improved over the years. However, I am aware of elements that could not be defined or expected due to years of proliferation or personal beliefs. In fact, these steps are easy to understand and observe, so I agree that the results make up about 75% of all self-exercise and they must need to realize the situation, that the things they required. There is an instance that I heard from my buddy approximately a hooker and the use of protection. The hooker had noticed her buddies die via way of means of HIV and he or she knew she could be if so someday. Besides, her customers do not like the use of any protection as it continues the amusing away. Strong believes approximately demise via way of means of HIV in future, she determined now no longer to apply for protection. Then someone started to her that her infant turns into an orphan if she dies via way of means HIV. Currently, she uses protection on a regular basis. I think her behavior has changed due to the price factor of HBM (Rosenstock). Her child can suffer without her mother.havior has changed due to the price factor of HBM (Rosenstock). Her child can suffer without her mother.

How approximately you? Do you've got got any tale or enjoy to share?

References:

Ogden, J. (n.d.). The psychology of health and illness: An open access course.

Patel, N. R., Chew-Graham, C., Bundy, C., Kennedy, A., Blickem, C., & Reeves, D. (2015). Illness beliefs and the sociocultural context of diabetes self-management in British South Asians: A mixed methods study. BMC family practice, 16, 58. https://bmcfampract.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s12875-015-0269-y