Learning Journal Unit 2
Consider and reflect on the beliefs related to health in the general population where you live now (or where you have previously lived).  Consider common attributions people make about what causes health problems and the answers they might provide if asked why some people are very healthy while other people are very unhealthy. Are your own beliefs the same or different from those in your community? Write about your thoughts on this in relation to what you learned this week.  

The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources.

ANSWER:




The common beliefs related to health.



I believe that in Africa especially black, it is common not to see any illness that is not associatedwith supernatural powers. For instance, mental illness or sickness is one of the health problemthat is taking hold on the youths despite the age, gender, and status. And this mental illnesscomes with it’s health challenges, due to popular beliefs among folks as to the cause of theillness or sickness. As a result of how these are regarded they tend to be aggressive, hostile,destructive, and at times endanger their own life.

The common beliefs towards mental illness.


The popular beliefs that there’s no smoke without fire, means that the  present health conditionof these ones is as a result of divine punishment, witchcraft, God’s will, a spell, or being possesby a demon. The family members of these often look for help from traditional healers, andspiritual medium to know how to appease the gods.

Cultural norms, beliefs and customs have disregard the underlying cause of their health issues,resulting that many of these young people been taken out from their lovely homes to traditionalhealers, making their lives miserable and meaningless. 

Family members of these young ones, blindly trusting these traditional healers with the beliefthat their son or daughter has been bewitched.Believing that by follow up with these traditional healers instead of taking them to psychiatrichospital for proper check-ups with rehabilitation. The folks, blindly believe that through means of their spiritual medium and healing they will get well. But they have been duped of theirmoney, deceived and defrauded.  

While in the care of these traditional healers, to redeem these from the hands of the demons asthey believe, they exposed them to all kinds of abuse, physically, They chain them, starve themwith the hope that one’s the demons is hungry he will be forced to leave the victim and freethem. Some who are with their family are locked, abandon to die.

My beliefs and theirs is not the same. Before now, I believe, and know that 80% sickness is notman-made. But, this week discussion have helped me to think critically about the root cause oftheir problem (mentally ill). So far, I have to observe that the ones affected by this illness aremostly the youths, especially the male gender. 

The  role of   belief  and   health  behaviors  reveals  we  can   explain  and  predict illness   throughhealth-related behaviors which are actions that people take that can improve their well-being ordamage  their health, such  as smoking, abuse of drugs, illicit sexual activity, lack of  physicalexercise, unhealthy diet.



With this knowledge, I can explain the root cause of their health problem. How? Young peopleespecially, misuse and abuse substances like  drugs, cannabis, margriuna, alcohol, and  otherlocal stimulants they  use. And  these   health-related  behaviors   is   the   main reason   they   arementally ill.

Conclusion:

Literacy was the cause of these attitudes toward mentally sick ones. A better understanding ofthis   sickness   (mental),   among   communities,   families,   and   public   who   believe   that   thesedeserves the state they were, and the negative attitudes is important.Presently in that condition they (mentally ill) can not change their behavior but, their familieswill help   by giving them a proper medical assistant, stop stigmatizing them and rehabilitate them.



References,

Ogden, J. (2019). The psychology of health and illness: An open access course.  The psychology of health and illness.pdf

Wegner, L. & Rhoda, A. (2015). The influence of cultural beliefs on the utilization of rehabilitation services in a rural South African context: Therapists’ perspective. African Journal of Disability, 4(1), 128. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5433469/ or download the pdf.

