Analyze a health-related behavior that is considered unhealthy (smoking, unhealthy eating, drinking too much, not getting enough sleep, not exercising, avoiding health screenings, etc.).  Based on your readings, describe and analyze how health beliefs are related to this behavior using at least one of the models in the textbook.  Examples: Stages of Change Model, Health Belief Model (HBM) or Protection Motivation Theory (PMT), Theory of Planned Behavior (TPB). Analyze and discuss the psychosocial (emotional, social, financial) influences on health-related behavior that you observe.  

The Written Assignment should be 2-3 double spaced pages in length, not including title or reference pages. (No abstract is needed.) Make sure your assignment is APA formatted and composed using Microsoft Word (or a similar word processing application), Times New Roman, 12-point font, and 1” margins. Please do not submit a PDF document. All papers must be able to be opened with Microsoft Word. Include headings (introduction, main section, and conclusion), citations, and a list of references in APA format. Edit for spelling and grammar errors. You can get assistance with APA formatting at:
Purdue Online Writing Lab. (n.d.). APA style introduction. Purdue University. https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/apa_style/apa_style_introduction.html



Download the sample APA paper to assist you with formatting your Written Assignment.

Microsoft Word version
Adobe PDF version


Papers will be assessed using the following criteria:

Student identified and described a health-related behavior. Someone who is unfamiliar with the behavior should be able to understand what the behavior is just from reading your description.

Student adequately described the connection between the beliefs and the health-related behavior identified using at least one of the models in the textbook. Examples: Stages of Change Model, Health Belief Model (HBM) or Protection Motivation Theory (PMT), Theory of Planned Behavior (TPB)

The student wrote about psychosocial (emotional, social, financial) influences on health-related behavior that they observed.

The paper included an introduction, main section, and a conclusion. 

Paper is 2-3 pages in length, not including the title and reference pages.

All references cited in APA format, with a reference list.  

Paper professionally written without spelling or grammar errors. 

ANSWER:

PSYC 1111 - Introduction to Health Psychology

UNIVERSITY OF THE PEOPLE

Kimberly Palermo-Kielb (Instructor)

Topic : What is health behavior?



Introduction :

Healthy conduct is healthful conduct associated with an individual`s condition. (Ogden, n.d.). There are numerous motives that could adversely have an effect on your fitness conduct, together with smoking. How a whole lot does this incorrect conduct have an effect on your fitness? How aware are you approximately smoking, despite the fact that you realize your fitness risks? What is the connection between smoking and intellectual fitness? And such loads of questions that require sharp explanations. Here, consistent with Ogden, the obligation of a fitness psychologist is to discover the elements that inspire someone to smoke via way of means of analyzing one's ideals approximately one's fitness and expertise, and predicting fitness-associated behaviors. (n.d.). Therefore, researchers have advanced fashions of fitness ideals and the way they have an effect on fitness conduct.

The Health Belief Model:===

This version become advanced through Rosenstock (1966), except his colleagues, withinside the Nineteen Seventies and 1908s. This idea indicates the willingness of someone to convert fitness-associated conduct is in general because of the belief in fitness. The creator highlighted seven center ideals announcing that the occasion associated with fitness conducts his center ideals. Let us similarly talk about this:

Perceived Susceptibility: 

Jones et al. The researchers said they adopted the term as an important predictor. The Creator is confident that men and women will no longer predict or change their behavior until they forget they are at risk (2015). For example, if someone goes to a scientific study, this behavior indicates that a man or female is aware that smoking is harmful to their health.


Perceived Severity:

People do now no longer end smoking until they're privy to the seriousness of lung most cancers for his or her fitness. Some research have proven that that is the least beneficial notion of whether or not human beings are engaged in preventative fitness behaviors. (Jones et al., n.d.).

Costs and benefits:

For example, people who want to quit smoking exacerbate it, taking into account the costs they are paying along with stress, anxiety, headaches, and so on. However, the benefits of smoking cessation will usually save his life.

Cues to action:

It might be internal which encompasses symptoms, or external, through viewing an ad that contributes help those who want to surrender smoking. In 1988, researchers introduced every other element, this is self-efficacy. It examines the co-capability of a man or woman to make health-related changes. (loke and Chan, n.d.).

Perceived control and Health motivation:

This model has the self-efficacy of quitting smoking, whether or not or now no longer the individual is confident and induced to make health-related changes. 

Psychosocial in Health behavior:

Individual hotels to smoking because of numerous elements which include emotional, depression, parental, social, or peer pressure, dropping a person special or might be paintings pressure. A man or woman considers smoking might assist to alleviate strain and make a contribution to the curing of such experience feelings.

In conclusion:

There are numerous health-associated models, however, HBM is the best version. It contributes to predicting individuals` ideals in the direction of health. This version in addition shows that humans have the selection and the capacity to make superb modifications drawing close to ordinary health.

References,

Ogden, J. (n.d.). The psychology of health and illness: An open access course.  The psychology ofhealth and illness.pdf

Jones CL et al. The Health Belief Model as an explanatory framework in communication research: Exploringparallel, serial, and moderated mediation. 

Loke AY, Chan LK. (n.d.). Maternal breastfeeding self-efficacy and the breastfeeding behaviors of newbornsin the practice of exclusive breastfeeding. J Obstet Gynecol Neonatal Nurs.https://www.jognn.org/article/S0884-2175(15)31317-4/fulltext