Learning Journal Unit 4
The Learning Journal is a tool for self-reflection on the learning process. In addition to completing directed tasks, you should use the Learning Journal to document your activities, record problems you may have encountered and to draft answers for Discussion Forums and Assignments. The Learning Journal should be updated regularly (on a weekly basis), as the learning journals will be assessed by your instructor as part of your Final Grade.

Your learning journal entry must be a reflective statement that considers the following questions:

Describe what you did, what you learned, your weekly activities, in what ways are you able to apply the ideas and concepts gained ,  and finally, describe one important thing that you are thinking about in relation to the activity.

ANSWER:

 In the beginning, I am going to talk about the what I had accomplished in this week 4 and this week the unit four was about Analysis and Design. I had read the topics from the textbook and Analysis: Building the Domain Model as well as Design: Assigning Responsibilities was the most two important points which I had to study. Point one I had to study about identifying the concepts and the association and attributes of those concepts, the research of the domain and the contracts of preconditions as well as post-conditions. The second point for the topics was about the design of the principles for assigning the responsibilities, the diagram of the class and the reason the software engineering was complex. 

  This Learning Objectives was very important for me to study otherwise it would be difficult for me to complete my tasks for this week. Here we can also identify the concepts to build the model of the domain, we also need to understand the domain analysis principles and needs to create the design responsibilities also cohesion as well as the coupling is most important. 

  In my second point of the view, I had to start my week tasks with completing the discussion posts at first and I had also review my three peers discussion work. The discussion task was about the reason of important model the context of a system that is being developed. Then, I had to complete the self-quiz to practice more so that before I attempt the grade quiz I feel comfortable to give the exam. After submitting my self-quiz I had started my exam as soon as possible. Then I attempted the grade quiz where I had achieved 100/100 and then I moved immediately for my last week written assessment review where I had graded my three peer works. Now I am writing learning journal. Overall this week was very hard for me and busy for me. 


  