For the unit 4 assignment, you must create a circuit using Logism that implements a memory register capable of storing a 4 bit binary number.   You should investigate the different circuits that can be used to store a bit of memory and then utilize the one that meets the following requirements. 

Your register circuit must be able to support the inputs detailed in the following diagram:

registerbit.jpg

Each bit of the register circuit must support a data in, a data out, and a control.  The control functions such that the data value will only be changed when the control bit is toggled on.

The value in the register must be persistent and can only be changed when the control bit has been toggled. 

You should develop and test the 4 bit register using logism. 

When you have successfully developed a functioning 4 bit register, you should duplicate the circuit and add it to the two inputs of the ALU circuit that you developed in the previous unit.

Complete and test all of your circuits using Logism and submit the following materials.

Using the export image feature in Logism (Use File-Export Image from menu), export your basic 4 bit register circuit in jpeg format include it as part of your post.  Moodle has the ability to insert a jpeg image.
Using the export image feature in Logism (Use File-Export Image from menu), export your registers added to your ALU from last week in jpeg format include it as part of your post.  Moodle has the ability to insert a jpeg image.
Save both of the logism models (4 bit register and the registers added to the ALU circuit) as circ fiels and and attach the file to your assignment posting.



ANSWER:


In the beginning, I am going to illustrate the schematic of the 4-bit memory register. We can also built it by D Flip-Flops. An D-Flip-Flop needs an enable input that has corresponding in our control input which has been illustrate in our problem statement. Here, The CLOCK needs a signal that is general in every 4 flip flops as well as we also has control signal. But in the outside of there there are 4 data including inputs that is known as D3, D2, D1 as well as D0. This brought us the information to stored these 4 bit in the memory register. The 4 bit memory register has been stored in this information that are describe below,

 The Control' input needs to be HIGH that is define as  logic '1'.
The CLOCK signal also requires to show the risen edge in the pass from '0' to '1'.
The Logisim schematic (screen capture) is presented below:




