
You read an article and a short story for this week’s reading. Which did you like better? Which kept your attention? Why? What does this tell you about the power of narrative?


ANSWER:

To start with, this week for the discussion forum I had been tasked to and according to learning guide unit 5 I had to study the new article and the whole short tale where the topic was the recreation replaced the whole world forever means 9 to 11 terrorist attacks in the world. When I turned to analyzing, I noticed that each article had been creating a presentation relying on the identical events. But If I need to speak approximately my very own opinion I choose to mention that the tale turned into tons higher as it has a story and the manner the author needed to write's tale turned into fantastic that fits with my tastes.

Moreover, when American Author Hunter Thompson in 2001 published a short tale which was about "Fear and Loathing in America" it represents a more special view of the things that occurred on 9-11. The main things I observed were the writer's writing style and approach. In this writing, he detailed the scenario that happened during those hurtful moments and he discusses his personal opinions as well. For example, he had to communicate approximately sports in the writing. (Thompson, 2001, para. 1). By the same token, he also talks about fear, trouble, anxiety, and worry about the future as the most sensitive expression in his tale and story. Undoubtedly, we can also see approximately his in his mind in writing that struggle fare was going to be extra high-priced and excessive hazard and there had been unsure doubts about victory in that the struggle fare. (Thompson, 2001, para.10). He had further discussed the way it was sticking his mind and that it was very difficult for him to forget the situation notably by seeing the war world had been changed on that momentous day. 

Last but not least, after analyzing the short tale I would love to make a contrast in which the narrative had a completely clean and clear view and thoughts. The writer writing power was very strong and breathtaking. Doubtlessly, even though the entire article was illustrated by similar current events and the overall message was expressed with much more beyond range. It additionally makes me experience that this example could now no longer appear and this tragedy will in no way be a part of anyone's life.


References,

Thompson, H. S. (2001, September 12). Fear & loathing in America. ESPN. https://proxy.espn.com/espn/page2/story?id=1250751


