Learning Journal Unit 5
This unit’s Learning Journal focuses on creating a results section for your research paper. This section will include 2-3 paragraphs on your analysis of your own results from the research method you chose last week. These paragraphs will be based upon your own analysis and synthesis of those sources. You will want to include a brief explanation of what method you chose and why (Tip: You can use the information from last week for this part). Finally, you will determine what value your results are to your own study. Keep in mind that reliability and validity are not the same thing.

Remember: Not every experiment works the way you want—it is okay to admit that you made errors as long as you say what happened to cause the errors.

Your instructor will use the following rubric to grade your Learning Journal:

Aspect 1: Did the student’s results match the method used?

Aspect 2: How well did the student exhibit the results?

Aspect 3: Are the results something the student can use in his or her research paper as a means of exploring the thesis?

Aspect 4: Is this a work of original thought? Has the student grasped the direction the research should take in order to explore the thesis?

Aspect 5: How free of spelling and grammar issues is the results section? Are there repeating errors that can be pointed out?


ANSWER:

In the beginning, I am going to apply the quantitative approach in my all research. The research which today I am going to discuss is about the details of nutritional insufficiency in pregnant women. 

Remarkably a quantitative research has a method which could be tricked to enclose aim of importance as well as also the arithmetically, scientifically to take of the way it can be gathered via polls or surveys, etc by using the counting process. If we want to focus on quantitative, we need to collect the binary statistics and discover the businesses of any persons aspects. These can be also described through data that can be grouped with the formula of the measured research things and the results be promoted in huge plus and that could be ideal for the community. Moreover, if we research the features correctly we can be detailed and search for the question to make objective answers that are needed. But many causes can be found out reason carefully after consideration before the data needs to be gathered and made records in all the numbers and cases then make it organized into each table or any non-textual forms. These experiments could be theorized by reasoning hugely in general. The facts also can be accumulated that's given to the software program software studies equipment such as "questionnaires".

As stated, in my research the "questionnaires" tools can be used to collect the data from different contestants and entries by attending antenatal medical associations at "Kenyatta National Hospital". I was given 13 questions which were at random to any person or pregnant mothers who were attending the capability. But here, the most common question is whether anyone had a young people who was below 5 years well-known as well as out of 13 entries 6 of them were kids under 5 years old and was 70% and these abilities where the mother doesn't have the funds correctly for the nutrition which thankfully had a household deficit enough help to baby for their large relations. It also changed the food diet for any pregnant women because they were struggling to feed various entries after the left of all their skin and bones.


References,

Atkinson, J. (2017). Research Methodologies. In Journey into Social Activism: Qualitative Approaches (pp. 27-64). NEW YORK: Fordham University Press. doi:10.2307/j.ctt1hfr0rk.5

Ahmed, T., Hossain, M., & Sanin, K. (2012). Global Burden of Maternal and Child Undernutrition and Micronutrient Deficiencies. Annals of Nutrition & Metabolism, 61, 8-17. doi:10.2307/48507874

Semba, R. (2016). The Rise and Fall of Protein Malnutrition in Global Health. Annals of Nutrition & Metabolism, 69(2), 79-88. doi:10.2307/48506933
