For this unit’s Written Assignment, you will utilize the UoPeople library to find 1 source for the article or story you read. This can be anything from searching on the writers of the readings to the subject matter. You will then analyze the story or article, along with the source, in order to demonstrate synthesis. You will be graded upon original thought and how well you convey that thought in regards to the material gathered. You will write a minimum of 2 paragraphs.


ANSWER:


Written Assignment Unit 5: Reading With Feeling

University of the People

ENGL1102: ENGLISH COMPOSITION 2





Introduction:

In my today's discussion I am going to talk about the famous American Author who was born in 1937. He was a biographer and editor, and he had published many articles and renowned books. He begins his career in writing by publishing Story "Fear and Loathing" which were based in America. This was about the sporting events that were taking place on that time and his professionalism in writing skills was amazing and also wrote the event which was 9/11 to make mentioned around the world and the book reviewer for the things happened in the particular days of human and tragic tragedy which would not cause in the American's history. The way thousand innocent children, women, and men were killed and it gathered the world's attention in this deadly situation event where humankind was not erased before the coming this moment. The writer also expresses about those days where the accident happened where the 2 airplanes had been plane crashed toward the World Trade Center. It was occurred the worried of people and caused many people's death. After this incident 10 years had been passed, the writers again reminds everybody about the situation occur in that night and captured all people's attentions. This tragedy of the accident had been narrated by this author which was emotional and breathtaking.  

Indicating synthesis and fusion:

Through my reading, the author confirmed ingenuity and professionalism in telling the tale and writing it in a way like a movie scenario. The creator`s thoughts had been coherent and interconnected in phrases of taking the reader as 8/11 though he had been looking a cinematic scene. He also dazzles you together along collectively alongside together along with his manner of narrating the sports activities of September 11 from the start of the occasion till the end, because of the truth the interconnected thoughts and terms utilized by him suggest that the author excelled in writing the tale. The creator furthermore directs, in a literary manner, grievance of the us authorities withinside the way to cope with those terrorist attacks. How human beings had been in worry and panic. He furthermore defined the manner the us authorities determined at the battle via way of method of combating an enemy we do now no longer know, and he tells us the sports activities in element through his skillful writing.  

Giving in to panic behavior, I suggested, have grow to be to allow the terrorists win" (Greenberg, 2001, p 2).The creator has acquired reputation and silence from maximum of the media due to his manner of writing and linking thoughts and phrase sequences in his writings, which makes the reader revel in as 9/11 though he's covered with a raw, modern eyewitness account of one of the maximum interesting and pivotal eras in American history" (Thompson, n.d, para. 1). Most of the facts organizations furthermore said this heinous and terrorist incident withinside the killing of harmless human beings. And because of the truth the quote says, the manner to fight terrorism is to stay open to ache and worry.


In conclusion:

In my own opinion, this story was treated the most leading fictional stories because it had received a lot of popularity from the public and book reviewer. The oldest author had various books which made him popular in the entire America for his writing method. The way he uses narration which was realistic in the story and many famous movies was made and produced based on his real-writing stories. 


References,

Thompson, H. S. (n.d.). ESPN.com: Page 2 : Fear & loathing in America. ESPN: Serving sports fans. Anytime. Anywhere. https://proxy.espn.com/espn/page2/story?id=1250751

Greenberg, M. (2001, October 8). Sept. 11 reminds us of doctors' loving role. American Medical News, 31. https://link.gale.com/apps/doc/A79789986/PPMI?u=lirn17237&sid=PPMI&xid=02599799


