Your Written Assignment for this unit focuses on finding your own Abstract online (or using one of the abstracts provided to you) and, using the following list, answer the Critical Reading questions that were provided by Cumbria University.

If your abstract does not allow you to answer the questions fully, then state why you are unable to give an answer to that particular question and what you would need from the abstract to answer the question.

The questions to answer are:

What is the title of the text and what is the text about?
What is the author’s view? How do I know?
What is the evidence presented by the author to support ideas?
Is the evidence valid? How do I know?
Is the evidence relevant? How do I know?
Have I heard/read anything similar or dissimilar? What was it?
Do I agree or disagree with the views expressed by the author? Why?
Remember: If you use a quote or paraphrase, you need to give the proper APA citations and references.

This Written Assignment is assessed by your peers and will be for a grade. It will be judged mainly for the following:

Did the student answer all of the questions?
Did the student analyze the abstract?
Is it an original work?
Are there spelling or grammar issues?
Please note that you will not necessarily be provided with assessment aspects during assignment submission periods in your other courses.

I chose one of the abstracts provided in Reading Assignment on the link https://www.econstor.eu/handle/10419/20253

1. What is the title of the text and what is the text about?

The title is "Legal Minimum Wages and the Wages of Formal and Informal Sector Workers in Costa Rica". The text revolves around the influence/impact of the dual economy development models in holding minimum wages in both formal and informal sectors.

2. What is the author’s view? How do I know?

I think the author's angle tend to be contrary of that dual economy development models  hold minimum wages in Costa Rica between the formal and informal sectors. I figured out  this angel by the text itself, where the author dissertated a theory and then he tried to improve the opposite of this theory.

3. What is the evidence presented by the author to support ideas?

The author presented 3 pure facts evidence not opinions to support his ideas, and these facts were delivered by a research included micro data on thousands of workers over 12 years.

These evidences are:

"increases in minimum wages not only raise wages in the urban formal sector (large urban enterprises) who are covered by minimum wage law, but they also increase the wages of all other workers covered by minimum wage legislation in what are traditionally regarded as informal sectors and where the legislation is often considered not to be enforced (i.e., small urban enterprises, large rural enterprises and small rural enterprises)." (Gindling, Terrell, 2004)[1]
"higher legal minimum wages raise the wage of workers in these ?informal? sectors more than in the urban formal sector and hence may actually work to reduce average wage differentials between these sectors and the urban formal sector." (Gindling, Terrell, 2004)[2]
"minimum wages have no significant impact on the wages of workers in another sector that is regarded as informal but which is not covered by minimum wage legislation: the self-employed workers (both urban and rural)." (Gindling, Terrell, 2004)[3]
4. Is the evidence valid? How do I know?

I think they are extremely valid, I did some research on the internet and found that a lot of well-trusted websites have published the full article of this abstract, among them "ideas.repec.org", "researchgate.net", "deepblue.lib.umich.edu" and others.

5. Is the evidence relevant? How do I know?

Yes, they are relevant and related totally to the importance of the text which matched to minimum wages in Costa Rica between formal and informal sectors.

6. Have I heard/read anything similar or dissimilar? What was it?

No, I didn't, it's the first time I read about wages in formal and informal sectors.

7. Do I agree or disagree with the views expressed by the author? Why?

Actually, I can't take a side by just reading a short abstract of a research that is related to the economy of an entire country, however, according to the key finds presented in the abstract, it seems the author's point of view is true and logical to some extents.

[1]  Gindling, T. H. Terrell, K. (2004). Legal Minimum Wages and the Wages of Formal and Informal Sector Workers in Costa Rica. Retrieved from https://www.econstor.eu/handle/10419/20253

[2]  Gindling, T. H. Terrell, K. (2004). Legal Minimum Wages and the Wages of Formal and Informal Sector Workers in Costa Rica. Retrieved from https://www.econstor.eu/handle/10419/20253

[3]  Gindling, T. H. Terrell, K. (2004). Legal Minimum Wages and the Wages of Formal and Informal Sector Workers in Costa Rica. Retrieved from https://www.econstor.eu/handle/10419/20253