Please respond to the following question with a post of at least 200 words. 


In what ways was the Delian League successful and in what ways was it unsuccessful?


Also remember to respond to the posts of at least 3 of your peers. Be sure to follow all the guidelines stipulated on the assignment page in your post and your responses.


ANSWER:


The explanation about how successful the Delian League was.


In the beginning, I am going to discuss about the delian league which has a league in Greek City states and it can be led in the Athens and there are alliances and among the Athens and has another states that has the aim to make defended by themselves. But Persians in 478 BCE can defend it. Next, if the persian empire wants to contribute with the Greek states to decided whether it would be defeated or not. In this case, the construction as well as maintenance need a strong navy army and hard enough resources for the navy ship in Greece Athens. In the council it they make contributions in the beginning of the member status equally there would be chance to vote in Athens. The attacks for the Persians can be done without having any worried in the Greek city states. The Persian can have defense to make a rule in the liberate Eastern Greek Cities which is formed in the delian league. But it is also possible to make defeat with Salamis and Plataea. IT is also possible to make managed the Dalian league to get military victories at the Battle of Eurymedon in 466BCE. These victories would be against Persian forces. This can also bring peace in the region and its league needs the economic victory to check the Athens, and can manage to make the introduction of a general coinage. This is actually known as Athenian Silvr Tetra Drachm. As a result, the Dalian league can make promotion for their democracy. The delian league can be fostered to make well establish for the Athenian Empire. This can make influence among the Athens and its power and make overcome in the small poleis to join the league of Delian.    

Reference

Butler, C. (2007). The Ancient Greeks. The Flow of History. The Delian League and the Athenian
Empire (478-431 BCE). Retrieved from: http://www.FlowofHistory.com/units/birth/3FC23   
