Learning Journal Unit 4
For this Learning Journal, consider the following:

How is memory related to intelligence?  Consider examples from your own experience.

List 3 strategies that you use, or will use, to enhance your memory.
The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources.

ANSWER:


At the start, memory or mind had the ability to store, maintain, and reclaim history means remembering an ability or a dependency found out. An excellent reminiscence may be associated with one`s capacity to run mathematical calculations in his/her head whilst recalling all records found out. Memories may be labeled as implicit and specific recollections or quick-time period or long time recollections, and it's miles from recollections that we get intelligence from. Examples of implicit recollections are the capacity to don't forget Driving, dancing, or an individual's favored sport. Examples of Explicit recollections are: remembering the Location of a place, the faces of people, and a few famous facts. Intelligence is the capacity to have the expertise and alertness of what's found out whilst needed. Intelligence additionally comes into play whilst one is confronted with a mission; one's degree of intelligence is proven through the speed, direction, and capacity to resolve the mission given at hand.


There is absolutely a near courting among reminiscence and intelligence, and each may be defined withinside the following ways, examples: 
 • Memories and intelligence all contain prefrontal regions of the brain. 
 • Memories and intelligence paintings collectively in presenting data or in fixing tasks. 
 • Intelligence choices the data saved in a reminiscence to resolve tasks.


Giving my paintings the maximum interest offers me a higher hazard of enhancing my reminiscence. Studying in a totally quiet location lost from distractions will assist me in transferring records from my short-time period reminiscence into my long-time period reminiscence. I will avoid any concept that could come into my mind on the equal time as studying my going for walks material. Avoiding the mind is probably tough however with everyday practice, I will grasp the artwork of concentration.


By grouping my take a look at substances I could be capable of raising my reminiscence retention capabilities. I will take my take a look at substances from level to level and additionally with the aid of using warding off speeding them. My business enterprise can also be withinside the shape of me writing down phrases I locate very difficult to take into account and additionally analyzing them out loud in my very own handwriting, might make it simpler to paste to my reminiscence. 

Last but not least, Visualization will assist me loads in boosting my reminiscence. I could be attaching pictures, colors, or with the aid of using remembering how the paragraphs in my take a look at substances are structured. Also with the aid of using the use of video assets take a look at substances I want for my route work. This will assist me whilst it's time to retrieve the facts saved in my reminiscence.


Reference,

C. Hsin-Yi BSc (2018)  AboutIntelligence website http://www.aboutintelligence.co.uk/intelligence-memory.html

E. Aeschlimann (2017) Bold Website https://bold.expert/the-relationship-between-working-memory-and-intelligence-in-children/

K. Cherry (2019) VeryWellMind website https://www.verywellmind.com/great-ways-to-improve-your-memory-2795356

