// self quiz 4

In order for your brain to organize massive amounts of information, it develops:

A: b.
Concepts

Maria sees a homeless person in front of a building and her first thought is that he is going to ask her for some money. What type of schema is she exhibiting?

A: c.
Role schema

The idea that language influences the way we think is called:

A: d.
Linguistic determinism

Chelsea has been able to soothe her baby by picking her up and rocking her. This time her baby won't stop. Chelsea continues to try to soothe her baby by rocking her even though she is not being successful. This type of reaction is called:

A: b.
Mental set

John does not believe that cops have good intentions. Therefore, he only pays attention to news that portray police officers in a negative light, this causes his beliefs to become stronger. This is called:

A: 
c.
Confirmation bias

True or False: Individuals with high emotional intelligence are believed to have well-developed social skills.

A: True

The observation that each generation has a significantly higher IQ than the last is called:

A: d.
Flynn effect

What learning disability causes an individual to exhibit an inability to correctly process letters?


A: b.
Dyslexia


Learning to ride a bike is a __________ memory.

A: 
a.
Procedural

This part of the brain facilitates encoding memories at a deeper level when the event is emotionally arousing.


A: 
b.
The amygdala


True or False: A memory that comes in flashes and it is not particularly clear is called a flashbulb memory.

A: False

Joseph wakes up from a coma and realizes that he has no memory of his past. He can, however, make new memories. This is called:


A: 
d.
Retrograde amnesia


Organizing information into manageable bits of information, such as a phone number, is called:


A: 
e.
Chunking


The order of operations for math is Parentheses, Exponents, Multiply, Divide, Add, and Subtract which can be remembered by using "Please Excuse My Dear Aunt Sally". This type of method for remembering this information is called:


A: c.
Mnemonic device


According to the chapter on enhancing memory, which strategy is used to study more effectively?

A: 
e.
All of the above

