During the 1990s there were a lot of cases of reported child abuse based on repressed memory. Many individuals were arrested and jailed, many of which were innocent. Sigmund Freud believed that individuals repress their memories (not consciously) so that their painful effects would not have to be experienced. There is a lot of controversy as to whether repressed memories can be trusted.

In this assignment, look for a news article (old or new) describing the resurface of repressed memory or studies on it. Then write a paper summarizing the article, what was the conclusion of the story/study?

Based on your readings and assignments, under what circumstances are repressed memories more likely to surface? In your opinion, what are the possible effects of having these memories resurface? What are your personal beliefs about your mind repressing memories that may be too painful? Do you find some truth to it?

The Written Assignment should be 2-3 double spaced pages in length, not including title or reference pages. Make sure your assignment is APA format with double-spacing, Times New Roman, 12-point font, and 1” margins. Include citations and a list of references in APA format. Edit for spelling and grammar errors. You can get assistance with APA formatting at: https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/apa_style/apa_formatting_and_style_guide/general_format.html


ANSWER:

University of the People
 Written Assignment 4
 PSYC 1504 - Introduction to Psychology
 Instructor: Joe Juarez
Introduction: 
Sigmund neurologist, in my opinion, had some polemic concepts once it came to pent-up 
recollections, though a number of that were grounded in smart research. I agree that pent-up 
memory may are seen somewhat as a defense reaction to shield the patient or subject from the 
harmful and painful recollections of abuse or trauma. It will exist and also the human brain has 
the capability to dam out such trauma Associate in Nursing pain if the burden of such 
recollections becomes too troublesome for the person to address on an emotional and typically 
physical level. we have a tendency to all have completely different pain thresholds and whereas a 
number of USA could also be stronger showing emotion to manage such pain, others don't seem 
to be as probably to return out of it unharmed. In an editorial written by Laurence Olivier Dodier, 
Lawrence Patihis and Melany Payoux (2019), the authors regard this theory of pent-up or 
recovered memory as polemic and don't appear to suppose that we've reached that so much 
within the study of this development to be ready to classify it as a definite science. The article 
states “Recovered recollections of abuse in medical care ar particularly polemic if the purchasers 
weren't aware they were abused before therapy”. altogether honesty, this can be the thought of 
pent-up memory – the actual fact that the patient blocked it out in order that there's no memory 
of the abuse. However, on the opposite aspect of this argument is that the terribly real and scary 
chance that if there was no memory before the medical care then there was no abuse and also the 
healer might unwittingly be making or planting these recollections within the minds or 
recollections of the patients. The patient then convinces himself or herself that they were actually 
abused that explains why they have medical care and by the healer indirectly supporting this 
belief there's the confirmation bias.
BODY:
"In our French survey of 1312 participants (Mage = 33; 53 percent female), 551 reported having 
done therapy at some point," the article continues. "Of the 551, 33 (6 percent) reported having 
recovered memories of abuse in therapy that they were unaware of prior to therapy." Humans are 
constantly looking for ways to explain or even justify their problems. As a result, when a 
therapist even suggests the slightest hint of abuse, they are drawn to this as their aha! moment. 
Now, I'm not language that there aren't any real cases of such pent-up reminiscences which some 
cases aren't real. There square measure so terribly valid cases and ones that were resolved by this 
way of medical care however the information isn't encouraging to establish that this is often a 
solid style of science. In my opinion, i feel that whereas this is often a helpful technique for 
managing some kinds of medical care find the core of the problem, it can not be the sole style of 
empirical proof utilized in causing an individual to jail. i feel there square measure two times that 
pent-up reminiscences will seem to surface. Morevoer, if there is once there was no proof of 
abuse within the 1st place and therefore the therapist’s power of suggestion created such a 
memory and guided the patient towards that conclusion. and therefore the second is once there's 
extremely abuse and this abuse is obvious by different manifestations like colorful and violent 
drawings from youngsters or aggression from others WHO don't seem to be usually aggressive. 
In different words, if there's a small little bit of indication that there's one thing wrong with 
supported behavior, then there's a decent likelihood that a memory of a painful or traumatic event 
is being suppressed and medical care could facilitate to bring this out. I honestly believe that you 
simply will not heal what you are doing not feel which transportation out these inhibited 
reminiscences can facilitate an individual heal. however, this is often a really sensitive and 
probably dangerous approach because the technique itself is hospitable such a lot of influence by 
the person conducting the medical care. this could be a triple-layer exercise by entirely freelance 
entities.
Conclusion:
I never repress reminiscences. The reminiscences are all there, painful and all and I move on 
dwelling my lifestyles understanding that the arena is occasionally evil and I should guard my 
very own youngsters from the damage and ache I can also additionally have experienced. I 
become in no way abused or in no way had the purpose to repress any sincerely annoying revel 
in however I even have had many painful experiences, several which had been lifestyles and 
death, and I even have cried it out, spoken approximately it and in a few times gotten remedy for 
it. I assume remedy is a great component however it may additionally be a risky component with 
regards to getting used as evidence.
REFERENCES: 
Olivier Dodier, Lawrence Patihis & Mélany Payoux (2019) Reports of recovered memories of 
childhood abuse in therapy in France, Memory, 27:9, 1283-1298, DOI: 
10.1080/09658211.2019.1652654
 


