Please respond to the following question with a post of at least 200 words. 

Briefly address why the treatment of the outlying Latium towns was so important to the Roman government.

Also remember to respond to the posts of at least 3 of your peers. Be sure to follow all the guidelines stipulated on the assignment page in your post and your responses.

ANSWER:


From the readings, it shows that Latium was a league formed by Latin city-states and Rome wantedto unite with them in order to facilitate the growth of its Empire. According to  Morey, W (1901)),Rome tried to contact and unite with Latin cities  and its surroundings like Campania, Volsci, Aequi,Sabine, Etruria, and Tyrrhenian just to mention a few. For sure, treating these cities with care hadgreat positive impact on Roman government. Rome wanted to use these cities in times of war todefeat its enemies as Latium towns were relied by other surrounding cities in times of war. As wecan see from chapter 10, Rome tried to contact Samnites in order to unite with the Latin leaguethrough a treaty of equal alliance, which was formed by Sp. Cassius but the Latin states were afraidthat maybe Rome wanted to regain its supremacy. Some of the Latin cities had fertile soils and mostof their people were shepherds and farmers (Frank, 2019). For sure, these cities would assist inboosting the economy of Roman government. However, Rome was careful enough in handling of these city-states as uniting with them anyhowwould affect their empire negatively. This is evidenced in chapter 10 of our readings where Latiumcities sent an embassy to Rome, to demand that Romans and Latin’s should be united and form onerepublic. But Romans did not accept this and Manlius, a senator, declared that he would stab thefirst Latin who was admitted to the senate (Morey, W (1901)). I think this was meant to avoidedintruders from within because a kingdom that is divided against itself is destined for failure. Inaddition, protecting and securing the relationships within its internal regime was another reason thatthe Roman government had to be careful in the way it managed the relationship between itself andLatium as well as its outlying towns. 



References,

Morey,   W   (1901).   Outlines   of   Roman   History.   Retrieved   fromhttp://www.forumromanum.org/history/morey10.html

Frank. T (2019).  Roman Imperialism/The People of Rome and Latium. wikisource.org. Retrievedfrom https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Roman_Imperialism/The_People_of_Rome_and_Latium



