Learning Journal Unit 4
Why were plebeians so important to Rome?

ANSWER:



The Plebeians were members of the ancient Roman society. They were regarded as low classas compared to Patricians who were taken to be high class in the Roman society. Patriciansgave little rights to plebeians and were not given full chance of holding public offices. Theplebeians were even not allowed to own land; instead they occupied the land by nominal rent.If they fellow to pay back, the plebeians were turned into slaves. They  had little or  noindividual or collective power, which prompted them become a Roman mob. (Morey, 1901)Though the plebeians were treated in such way, they had some great importance to RomanEmpire. Rome conquered its enemies because its army had many solders. These soldiers weretaken   from   all   tribes   including   plebeians   who   were   large   in   number.   So,   the   plebeianscontributed to Rome’s military efforts. The Romans success brought a lot of new lands, a lotof citizens, who were taken back to Rome and initiated into Roman society. Moreover, the Plebeians were important to Roman society because of their hard workingspirit. Plebeians worked hard in different fields like,  farmers, bakers, builders or craftsmenand worked hard to support their families and pay their taxes. All these work contributed a lotto the growth of Roman Empire. Farming itself assisted Rome to be self sufficient in terms offood   and   other   agricultural   produce.   Furthermore,   by   being   hard   workers,   plebeianscontributed to Roman’s economic growth through agriculture sales and tax payments. Wecannot also deny the fact that they contributed to Rome’s infrastructures using their buildingskills.In conclusion, though the Plebeians were treated as low class in Roman society, they hadsome   positive   impacts   towards   Roman   civilization.   The   plebeians   contributed   a   lot   ofsoldiers, agricultural produce, infrastructure and taxes which boosted the Roman empire


Reference,

Morey,   W.   (1901)   Outlines   of   Roman   History.   Retrieved fromhttp://www.forumromanum.org/history/morey07.html


Warfare   in   Roman   Culture   (n.d.).   Retrieved   May   5,   2019,   fromhttp://sites.psu.edu/warfareinromanculture/plebeian /


