Answer the following:

What is crosstalk? How is it minimized in case of a twisted pair of wire?
Why are two separate frequencies used for uplink and downlink transmission in case of satellite communication?
Differentiate between the 2 switching techniques (Circuit Switching and Packet Switching).(4 differences)
What is the answer to Exercise 2.7 from Section 2 of our textbook with this change: the 4th transmission (B sends to D) does not occur?
2- pages in length, in your own words, properly cite any outside resources.  Use 1" margins and Times Roman Font, 12-point, or something comparable.   The paper should be well organized with proper grammar and spelling. 

Be sure to properly cite any sources you use using APA format.  You can get some help on APA formatting here: Purdue Online Writing Lab. (n.d.). APA style introduction. Purdue University. https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/apa_style/apa_style_introduction.html

Assessment Criteria

Answers all of the questions posed in the assignment (50%)
Paper Organization (20%)
Vocabulary (10%)
Grammar (10%)
Spelling and Punctuation  (10%)


ANSWER:

        Computer Science Department, University of the People

                    CS 2204: Communications and Networking 

                                Dr. Franklin Orellana

                                 September 12, 2021


1.  What is crosstalk? How is it minimized in case of twisted pair of wire?  


Answer: In the beginning, I am going to discuss and talk about the crosstalk where it can be caused by the disturbance and it could be in magnetic fields. If a signal can affect each signal to adjacent the circle in the telecommunication. Moreover, it can end the crosstalk which is known as EMi. EMI abbreviation is electromagnetic interference. This can also cause insie the microcircuits. In a period, the computers or audio equipment and i the network circuits also can be cause by the microcircuits. 


2.  Why  two  separate  frequencies are used  for  uplink  and  downlink transmission in case of satellite communication?  

Answer: In the second point of the view, there are two primary logic, downlink transmission needs to be avoided by the interference in the signal with each other and it can had various frequencies for the uplink. Because of the thermal noise, it can be avoided by the data loss. 


3. Differentiate Circuit Switching and Packet Switching: 


   Circuit Switching :

The fixed bandwidth can be available.

Secondly, the physical path needs to be dedicated.

The less number of the packet can be wasted by the bandwidth.

Basically, the data packets can be approved if it arrive. 

The similar route can be followed by the packet.


   Packet Switching :

   The bandwidth can be available if the Dynamic is flexible.

   The path ha no dedicated option. 

   Wastage of the packet can not be able to switch.

   The packet delivery does not have any order.

   The similar route can not followed by the packet.


4. What is the answer to Exercise 2.7 from Section 2 of our textbook with this change: the 4th transmission (B sends to D) does not occur?

Answer: In the fourth point of the view, if A send to reach the D the entire switches can be utilize by the fallback to flooding. Because if there is no switch the learning ability could be D. So, the A can be receive by the S1-S4 switches. While by sending D in A it can be known S2 into A as well as the routes needs to be straight into S1 which are called A. S3 together with S4 does not receive D. If we want to send A into B we need to use again the entire switches fallback to flooding. However, no switches cannot receiveany new things. Assuming that, the B can be sent by the D which can be used by the fallback to flooding but it usually is not necessary for the D. As a result, S2 can be received by the D as well as S2 can be forwarded by the packet only directed toward D. Finally, S2 as well as S4 can be received by the B.


Switch 
S1
S2
S3
S4

known destinations
AD
AD
A
A

Reference

Dordal, P. (2014). An Introduction to Computer Networks.

