Review the 8 Millennium Development Goals and suggest some improvements to the goals.  As of this year, how would you list the Millennium Development Goals? Would the list from 1 to 8 stay the same, be switched around, or would some of the goals change completely? Be sure to include your rationale.

Discussion Guidelines

Share your thoughts and ideas on this week’s discussion forum prompts in a couple of paragraphs.
Respond to at least 3 peers. Your post to each peer must be relevant to the week’s topic and should be more than a simple statement of agreement.
Be kind, respectful, and resourceful on this forum. Speak with kindness, give your fellow classmates respect, and be resourceful to them by provided additional information about your topic, to ensure the conversation is ongoing.
Please return throughout the week to continue to participate and respond to anyone who has responded to you.
Be sure to cite any resources that you use in APA format.  Direct quotes should not be used in discussions.


ANSWER:

In the beginning, I am going to talk about the 8 Millenium of the goals of development. The entire world had ambitions in midterm which was arose back in September 2000. These leaders were for 189 countries, which was collected at the UN headquarters. They signed the Millenium Declaration and their aim is to set and accomplished in 2015. I trust that this aim would be quite logical at this point. 

Target 1 

To erase the highest poverty as well as hunger. In our world we can still see many people live with poverty and hunger in this days also. 

Target 2 

The elementary education needs to achieve the universal and there static number of people in the world were not afford to have access into proper basic education. 

Target 3 

The empowerment of the women and promote the gender equality. In our world it would be much better if the gender discrimination problem is solved. There were a lot of debates in this topic. 

Target 4 

To diminish child mortality. Moreover, the child-mortality ratio in our world in decreasing day by day with a huge extent of 93 people's deaths which was out with 1,000 births to 38 deaths in 1,000 at 2019. But still there were logical problems in our world.


Target 5

We need to make improvements in maternal health. This one of the fact because poor maternal health cause child mortality from the childbirth and this is another logical issue to addressed. 

Target 6 

To combat HIV/AID's, malaria, and many unknown diseases and still admissible and the reason is the unfavorable effects has these types of diseases in our world. 

Target 7 

We need to make ensure to make sustainable environment. This is our another main goal which is important. 

Target 8 

We need to develop a global partnership as long as improvement. This partnership is required to achieved our targets.   

As a result, I trust that, the sustainable development targets or goals are most important to make progress in our real life also for our today's world. 


References,

Who health organization (n.d). Millennium Development Goals (MDGs)Retrieved from https://www.who.int/topics/millennium_development_goals/about/en/

Loudenback, T. and Jackson, A. (2018) The 10 most critical problems in the world, according to millennials Retrieved from https://www.businessinsider.com/world-economic-forum-world-biggest-problems-concerning-millennials-2016-8?IR=T
