Learning Journal Unit 2
Consider the criticisms of the IMF and the World Bank. Do you feel that their practices are required for accountability purposes, or do you believe that they unfairly threaten the sovereignty of certain nations? Furthermore, how would you shape the policies of the IMF and the World Bank, if you had the proper authority to do so? 

The journal entry should be about a page in length.  If applicable, be sure to cite any resources you use to support your learning journal.


ANSWER:


The IMF of Criticisms:

In the beginning, if there are any criticisms of the IMF and there were open to practical feedback to develop the policy. Next in order, if the situations on the loans were given out to the countries which can be ruled make complex to receive the countries liberty and dispose to themselves how to disburse the funds which were compatible to most current problems in the countries and can face deeply criticized. These negatively affects on the recipient country’s economic and political dominance. To continue, the performance of the policies total at already has without being planning the system in higher structured and formed the way it was analyzed.

The world bank of criticisms: 

In my second point of the view, the world bank can be reproved to lend to projects and make issues in the environmental damages as well as there were problems socially. For instance, the world bank can assist to fund the Brazils Polonoroeste evolution program which began to Amazonian in the Rondonia state on 1981. Moreover, the world bank considered that by causing issues large debt to evolve the situations and it would not assist in those countries to achieve all overcome to develop the agendas in their seperate countries. In spite of, the criticisms there would be a difference in both IMF as well as in the World Bank. But I trusted that if there has been taken steps to keep the foundation running and besides this, I do not think that the IMF as well as the world bank can form necessary accountability reasons. The both financial company would be settled for each individual reasons and it can be funded in some reasons of the projects as well as in all countries in the entire world. Furthermore, it can be served by the financial hub in these countries to give our loans as well as having a very active policies in this place to audit loan as a borrower. As a result, if there is any problem occuring the beneficiary country to bound with large debt and make strict policies so that we can make the limitation in those one and the other loan borrower from taking further loans and would assist to cut down the amount of the interest to passed on over the period as well as it can also reduce the huge debt. 
 

Reference,

Globalization101. (n.d.). International Monetary Fund and WorldBank. The LEVIN Institute. https://my.uopeople.edu/pluginfile.php/1189041/mod_book/chapter/279161/glob101imfandwb.pdf

Bretton woods Projects (2009). IMF challenged accountability, governancehttps://www.brettonwoodsproject.org/2008/06/art-561807/

