The Olympics of International Financial Institutions’ Projects

Various projects are handled by international financial institutions (IFI) on a yearly basis. It is your task to give one gold, one silver, and one bronze medal to each chosen project.

For each medal you give out, you must state the following:

Name and detailed description of the project.
Name of the IFI that handled the project.
Type of medal (gold, silver, or bronze).
Positive impacts and how they could have been even more impactful.
Negative impacts and how they could have been avoided.
Please make sure your assignment is double-spaced using Times New Roman, 12-point font, and 1” margins. Be sure to cite any references in APA Format.

Each case paper will be assessed on the following:

Be sure to follow the directions, by stating the medals, names, details, IFIs, as well as the positive and negative impacts.
Strong examples, valid points, and ideas on the topic
At least two additional resources cited in APA format
2-3 pages in length
Proper grammar, spelling, and punctuation
Do not include your name on your paper this will help ensure fairness in grading


ANSWER:

The IMF of Criticisms :

In the beginning, if there is any criticisms of the IMF and there were open to practical feedback to develop the policy. Next in order, if the situations on the loans were given out to the countries which can be ruled to make complex to receive the countries liberty and dispose to themselves how to disburse the funds which were compatible to most current problems in the countries and can face deeply criticized. These negatively affects on the recipient country’s economic and political dominance. To continue, the performance of the policies total at already has without being planning tje system in higher structured and formed the way it was analyzed.

The world bank of criticisms: 


The World Bank was criticized for lending to projects that caused environmental damage and social problems. “For example, the World Bank helped fund Brazil's Polonoroeste development program, inaugurated in the Amazonian the state of Rondonia in 1981” (Globalization101, n.d.). Also, the World Bank is criticized for causing high debt for the developing countries making these countries pay high interest under the bank conditions, which doesn’t help these countries inachieving any prevailing developmental agendas in their respective countries.Despite the various criticisms of both the IMF and the World Bank, I strongly agree with some ofthe steps taken to keep the institutions running. I don’t feel that the IMF and the World Bank practices are required for accountability purposes. Both financial institutions were established fora specific purpose which is to fund certain projects and countries all around the world. In other words, they serve as the financial hub for countries by giving our loans and as such, there is the need to have very strong policies in place to check loan defaulters. The IMF for instance was criticized for the loan conditions that affect the recipient country’s economic and political sovereignty. In my opinion, these conditions are necessary as it helps the IMF to guarantee that each country will pay its loan back to avoid too many defaulters.The World Bank, on the other hand, was criticized for causing high debt for the countries makingthem pay high interest under the bank conditions. I consider this to be no case since it is in the interest of the recipient country to have a financial plan before going for a loan and also making sure that they do not end up in debt. What I have realized is that most countries especially my home country borrow too much from the World Bank and the IMF to the extent that they take theinterest on each loan for granted which makes me believe that indeed they really do not have anyfinancial plan. Another point is the reasons for which these countries borrow from the World Bank and the IMF are ridiculous.Finally, if I had the proper authority to shape the policies of the World Bank and IMF, I will aggressively push for a new policy that will allow the institutions receive feedback from other financial institutions or agencies in order to better understand the real issues are. Lastly, for the issue of causing the recipient country to run into high debt, there should be a strict policy that will limit both loan defaulters from taking additional loans as this will help reduce the amount of interest accrued over the period and eventually reducing the high debt.

Reference,

Globalization101. (n.d.). International Monetary Fund and WorldBank. The LEVIN Institute. https://my.uopeople.edu/pluginfile.php/1189041/mod_book/chapter/279161/glob101imfandwb.pdf