There are many individuals who view punishment (both positive and negative) as a necessary teaching method. This can vary from one culture to another as well as from one individual to the next. What are your views on using punishment in order to reduce unwanted behaviors? In what situations is it OK, and in what situations should it be discouraged? Provide examples and references, if appropriate.

Your Discussion should be at least 250 words in length, but not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references for the textbook and any other sources used.



ANSWER:

Punishment is a term applied in operant conditioning to seek advice from any change that takes location after a behavior that reduces the possibility that that behavior will stand up another time withinside the future (Cherry, 2018). Some training techniques can be said to be great or bad reinforcement.

Have you ever questioned why a few humans employ punishment to get their youngsters to tackle positive behaviors? There are many those who are absolutely towards spanking and shouting at youngsters, to reduce undesirable behaviors. I am additionally towards it.

I would be given as actual with children ought to benefit know-how of from a more youthful age, that all moves have consequences. If a baby misbehaves, they have to be punished and corrected in which they're wrong. For example, if a baby needed to take a seat down in for detention on a Friday afternoon, it'd be an amazing concept for the mother and father to put off his/her privileges withinside the household. These can include; the use of the WiFi, going out with friends, and grounding the kid. By doing this the kid will undertake the favored behavior (to do his homework on a ordinary foundation due to the fact he/she is scared the privileges might be taken away with the aid of using his/her mother and father). 

If we analyze we would get more negative illustration regrading punishment. Hitting a infant should have excessive implications for a infant. This technique of punishment can have an effect on the baby's vanity and it does now no longer train the baby any options of the favored behavior. There were little proof that spanking or different styles of bodily discipline are powerful at lowering undesirable baby behaviors, or encouraging kids to internalize — to absolutely trust in — parents rules (George College, 2016).


References,

Cherry, K. (2018). Punishment in psychology: How punishment can be
used to influence behavior. Retrieved
from https://www.verywellmind.com/what-is-punishment-2795413

George College. (2016). Psychology Professor’s findings on corporal
punishment decline published in paediatrics. Retrieved
from https://college.georgetown.edu/collegenews/psychologyprofessor-finds-spanking-decline-published-in-pediatrics.html



