Part I - The most commonly known and labeled senses are sight, hearing, touch, taste, and smell.  Considering this, please address the following

Do you think that there may be senses which do not necessarily receive information only from the environment, but rather from within us as well?  (For example, how do you sense that you are hungry?  If you hold your breath, which sense ‘senses’ that you need air? How do you sense the need for belonging?)

If you think that we may have more senses than the 5 noted above, would you provide your opinion on why you think the dominant scientific community may not have considered more than the typical 5 senses?  If you wish, you may use other references to strengthen or support your discussion.

How does a “definition”  (for example, how we define the 5 senses) help or hinder us in knowing the parameters of a concept, think about a concept’s potential for expansion, or keep a concept within known boundaries?
Do you think that the definition of sensation needs to be expanded? Why? 
 

Part II - What is the role of operant conditioning in our development of reading skills?  How do these skills become stronger and more “automatic”?  Do you think that many of our “skills” follow the same path of development, and why?


The Written Assignment should be 2-3 double spaced pages in length, not including title or reference pages. Make sure your assignment is APA format with double-spacing, Times New Roman, 12-point font, and 1” margins. Include citations and a list of references in APA format. Edit for spelling and grammar errors. You can get assistance with APA formatting at: https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/apa_style/apa_formatting_and_style_guide/general_format.html



ANSWER:







Written Assignment Unit 3
PSYC 1504 - Introduction to Psychology
Instructor: Joe Juarez

















ANSWER a):
Yes, I suppose that the senses want an inner impact so you can experience those tastes are different. My feeling of coldness can range from one man or woman to another, and my emotions of starvation additionally rely upon the quantity of the internal reaction to this feeling.




ANSWER b):  I consider that we've many senses that we do now no longer understand, however of direction we and the clinical network are greater targeted on those senses due to the fact they're digital senses and clinical studies each day withinside the development and exploration of the skills of those senses and the way they're capable of do matters we do now no longer understand so far. “people have plenty greater than 5 senses. It turns out, there are as a minimum 9 senses and maximum researchers suppose there are greater like twenty-one or so. Just for reference, the usually held definition of a “sense” is “any gadget that includes a collection of sensory molecular sorts that reply to a selected bodily phenomenon and that corresponds to a selected institution of areas withinside the mind wherein the indicators are obtained and interpreted.



ANSWER c):  The principles proportion the formation of our thoughts and beliefs, via which we can apprehend the matters round us, the belief makes us explain the variations among matters and develop understanding approximately a way to boom expertise and examine matters that cause them to complete of aspects. In the present-day experience of belief, I assume it's far complete of many sensory aspects, which made it given an extensive definition of our enjoy of things and our interest of them, but of direction the deeper the idea and the extra the comprehensiveness of the meanings might be a great deal better.



Part II – ANSWER:
The exercise of doing what each day improves our abilities which include reading, talking and running. It can adapt each day in new situations that can be reached to the most staying power bike, however thru exercise each day. This will make it capable of carry out the features assigned to it and broaden its abilities. So many abilities comply with the same style, and that is excellent thing.


References,
1-	(n.d.). Today I Found Out | Learn Interesting Facts Every Day. Humans Have a Lot More Than -Five Senses. Retrieved from http://www.todayifoundout.com/index.php/2010/07/humans-have-a-lot-more-than-fivesenses/ 
2-	2- E. Porter, M., & E. Heppelmann , J. (n.d.). Harvard Business Review - Ideas and Advice for Leaders. How Smart, Connected Products Are Transforming Competition. Retrieved from http://hbr.org/2014/11/how-smart-connected-products-are-transforming-competition



