Dear Thinkers,

Please read the case study entitled “Three Forms of Justice” from the chapter 2 of the Business Ethics textbook. Based on what you have learned in this unit, answer the following questions:

How is the ancient concept of distributive justice understood in today’s political debate?
What are the underlying values that inform each side of the debate (e.g., values like wealth maximization and corporate social responsibility)?
Can these sides be reconciled and, if so, what must happen to bring them together? Does virtue have a role to play here; if so, how?



ANSWER:


This  week's  lesson  brings  to  mind  many  things  that  affect  the  reality  that  some  countries, especially Haiti, are facing. When it comes to justice, we often see the moral angle of the topic; conscience is as much a part of it. We read somewhere "ethics is a function of being and as a guiding principle of relations with others1» (Byars & Stanberry, 2019, chp 2). It is also referred to as the economic, social, and political structure in the context of the equitable distribution of benefits and resources among different members of a community. Therefore,  the  concept  of  distributive  justice  today  does  not  leave  much  room  for  popular equity. The majority of the goods (land, seacoast, public buildings) of our society belong to the state. For the citizen, it is necessary to beg from the governmental authorities even to obtain what is rightfully his. Two things among many that do not need to be put on the social scale in Haiti;  "universal  health  coverage  and  eligibility  for  social  security2"  (Distributive  Justice, August 21, 2020. https//www.beyondintractability.org). Those with the highest means, either in the private sector or in the bourgeoisie, buy at a high price what should be given free to the less fortunate. If we wanted to talk about men in power like senators or deputies who use the resources of the public treasury for personal and family affairs,  words  would  probably  not  be  enough.  Even  if  the  presidential  candidate  makes promises, it is in order to update the constitution and the laws, to eliminate the judicial system and to enrich himself on the back of the population. What we attribute to a person or to a thing is a value. Then, what determines ethics or value in each  of  the  following  cases:  either  wealth  management  (wealth  maximization)  or  the distribution of goods equitably among social actors within the framework of distributive justice is variable. CSR is not just about making money for shareholders, it is about more than that and developing distributive values. It is about protecting the interests of all stakeholders, such as employees, customers, suppliers and the communities in which companies are operating3”.  Achieving  a  successful  type  of  distributive  justice  is  not  simply a  matter  of  increasing  the commercial wealth of shareholders. For a reconciliation of both parties, business leaders must recognize  the  fair value  of  the  people,  their  customers,  and  especially  their  employees.  As mentioned above, the interests of all stakeholders must be protected. This is where the role of virtue in this aspect should be valued as a moral guide that can support all forms of governmental and social policy trials in any country.

References / researches:  

1.  Lamont,  Julian,  and  Christi  Favor.  “Distributive  Justice.”  Stanford  Encyclopedia  of Philosophy, Stanford University, 26 Sept. 2017, plato.stanford.edu/entries/justice-distributive/.  

2.  Corissajoy.  “Distributive  Justice.”  Beyond  Intractability,  21  Aug.  2020, www.beyondintractability.org/essay/distributive_justice.   

3.  “Corporate  Social  Responsibility.”  Ethics  Unwrapped,  12  Dec.  2018, ethicsunwrapped.utexas.edu/glossary/corporate-social-responsibility. 


