Learning Journal Unit 2
Please read the reading materials from Chapter 2 of the Corporate Social Responsibility textbook. Based on what you have learned in this unit, answer the following questions:
Are there companies you can name whose social responsibility actions you admire and trust? What do they do that inspires you?
Are there companies you can name whose social responsibility actions you would not trust, or even doubt? Which companies are they, and why do they fail to convince you?
 Would you like to work in the field of corporate social responsibility? Why or why not?
Learning Journal Requirements
Submit a paper that is well constructed using APA format. The paper should be a minimum of one typewritten page (approximately 500 to 700 words) with an introduction and conclusion. This paper shall demonstrate the use of standard written English with respect to organization, grammar, spelling, composition, sentence structure, punctuation, and construction. Refer to the UoPeople APA Tutorials in the LRC for help with APA citations.


ANSWER:

In this paper, I am going to answer the question accordingly. I am going to merge researchknowledge as well as self-knowledge to address the questions. mainly, this paper willexpress corporate social responsibility displayed by several companies.1. Are there companies you can name whose social responsibility actions you admire andtrust? What do they do that inspires you?MicrosofMicrosof is one of the companies I believe are socially responsible. It is not only one of thebiggest tech companies but also engages in giving back to the need through their givingprogram (Natalie Singer-Velush, Apr 18, 2018). This is admirable because I personally lovegiving back whenever I can. I do not even have to be big, but just to ensure that the nextperson receives support pleases me.GoogleGoogle is one of the largest search engine companies and is also the world’s largestrenewable energy purchasing company. This is so because Google achieved 100%renewable energy target in the year 2017. Google also gives grants to social impactinitiatives that are dedicated (Gauss, n. d). It also promotes green commuting, employee gifmatching, paid time off for volunteering employees, and inspects its social impacts (Gauss,n. d). Google has gone all out and it has lef footprints that other companies would have tofollow through.University of the peopleI am a student at the University of the people. UoPeople has given me what no one could. Ienrolled and was given flexibility in my studies, at the same time, I was given a scholarshipto continues my studies when I thought I would become a drop-out. This changed my lifeand still is because I am going to acquire my degree, even though I could not afforduniversity anywhere. I am not the only student, many are benefiting through the UoPeoplescholarships, and we are forever grateful. I have also decided that by the time I startworking afer I obtain my degree; I will start donating to UoPeople so that future students ina situation like mine can also be able to achieve their academic goals and change their lives because someone somewhere thought of contributing to this scholarship.2. Are there companies you can name whose social responsibility actions you would nottrust, or even doubt? Which companies are they, and why do they fail to convince you?EskomEskom is a state-owned electricity utility company. The company generates power from coal.Eskom is committed to basing its values through the code of ethics, but there is a shortageof power in areas that are less advantaged. The company is a major contributor to airpollution yet it states the Eskom Code of Ethics: Reflects the organization’s commitment tothe highest ethical standards and principles in all Eskom business” Ethical BusinessConduct, n. d). The company does not have any Go-Green programs that aim to give back tomother earth-like tree plantation schemes, or new greener energy research programs.3. Would you like to work in the field of corporate social responsibility? Why or why not?I think the question would be, to ensure that you are socially responsible in termsof business ethics? I The reason is that it is every individual’s duty to be socially responsible.For a business to show an example of social responsibility for the business, it takes oneindividual to influence anyone else around, and implement that social responsibility intoaction, the result is a socially responsible business.I would work as an IT professional instead of a social responsibility field, but implementcorporate social responsibility. The final answer is I would not work in the field of corporatesocial responsibility because I chose a different career path but I will still promote socialresponsibility for my sake, and the environment.In conclusion, most companies are practicing Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR), and areleading great examples such as Microsof and Google. However not all comply with the CSR,such as Eskom. Contributing to Corporate Social Responsibility begins with individuals todrive change. So regardless of whether you work in a CSR field or not take CSR uponyourself, for it is the benefit of yourself, others, and the environment too.

References

Ethical business conduct, (n. d), retrievedfrom https://www.eskom.co.za/OurCompany/CompanyInformation/Pages/Ethical_Business_Conduct.aspx

Natalie Singer-Velush, (Apr 18, 2018), The great giving machine: driven to make an impact,employees turn giving into a way of life, Microsof, Retrievedfrom https://news.microsof.com/life/employee-giving/

Gauss, A. (n. d), 6 socially responsible companies to applaud, Retrievedfrom https://www.classy.org/blog/6-socially-responsible-companies-applaud/
