
Your posts should cover the questions below in full, and be at least 300 words long. Then reply to and peer-review at least three other posts by next Wednesday at 11:59 PM UoPeople Time, and rate the posts and replies.

This week we are going to look at the topic of water quality vs. water quantity. Make sure your post is in your OWN words. Don’t copy from sources you use for information.

Some links to help you:

Water for Life Decade: Water Quality

Water for Life Decade: Water scarcity

Water Resources: Quantity and Quality  

Water Quality for Ecosystem and Human Health

Please list two bits of information, statistics or facts that you found at some of these links which interested and/or surprised you?

Explain, in your own words, what the difference is between water quality and water quantity?

Is water quantity or quality the biggest issue in your local village/town/city? Why? Explain.

Are there disputes, violence or wars over water in your local village/town/city?

Look up what IWRM is: define it.*

Would IWRM work to help water issues in your local village/town/city?
* Some links to help you:

What is IWRM?

Water for Life Decade: Integrated Water Resources Management

Integrated Water Resources Management Plans

Any materials cited should be referenced using the style guidelines established by the American Psychological Association (APA).




ANSWER:



The Question No. 1 :

Firstly, about 1.2 billion people, conversely about one-fifth of the world's population, live in places where  water is physically scarce, and soon 500 million will face this plight. An extra nearly one billion people, or approximately 1 / 4 of the world`s population, are suffering from monetary water scarcity. This means that governments in these regions lack the proper infrastructure to extract water from rivers and alternative sources (UNDESA, 2014).

Secondly, according to the 2000 Global Environmental Outlook, one in five no longer has safe and easy-to-drink water. Every year, 15 million newborns and babies die from infected water (UNEP, 2014). Every day, two million landfills and diverse forms of effluents are dumped into the world`s oceans. Each year, dangerous water kills more people than combined different types of violence consisting of wars, earthquakes and various herbal disasters (UNEP, 2014).


The Question No. 2 :

The quantity of water is the sum of the calculation and manufacturing of water from one or greater nearby roads, calculated from the very last quantity and the most motion on a hard and fast schedule. Water best refers to the safety and purity of the supply of water to all residing organisms.


The Question No. 3 :

Water scarcity is one of the most pressing problems facing many societies and the world these days. Demand for water has increased over the last century, at twice the rate of  the population boom. Even if there is no  water scarcity around the world, more and more regions are suffering from constant water scarcity (UNDESA, 2014). This additionally applies to one-of-a-kind elements of Nigeria. Due to the greater meteorological elements of desertification, water crises are increasing, mainly with inside the northern a part of the country. Water pollution, consisting of the usage of risky chemical compounds and fertilizers, reduces the want for freshwater in people and animals. Population booms have increased demand for freshwater, leading to water shortages with widespread opposition to various proposals and objectives from people, animals, agriculture and businesses.


The Question No. 4 :

Because of deserts and rainlessness, the volume of freshwater available to sustain animal husbandry is the principal occupation of many Northern Nigerians. This has emerged in a North-South movement, which has exacerbated tensions and conflict between cattle-raising Fulanis and farmers in Nigeria's southern region. As a result, Nigeria has seen escalating war and deadly terrorism for nearly a decade, making it one of the world's most violent regions.


The Question No. 5 :

Integrated Water Resources Management (IWRM) is a manner that helps the right control and improvement of land, water and associated assets to sustainably maximize the monetary and social well being of ecosystems and the environment. IWRM is a development partnership and social neutrality, economic ordinary overall performance and ecological sustainability of all possible property without adversely affecting or proscribing environment harmony and long-term sustainability. A idea that helps surveillance (UNDESA, 2014). The various makes use of of finite water assets are interdependent, that is the premise of IWRM. High irrigation desires and polluted agricultural spills suggest much less freshwater is to be had for business and drinking (UNEP, 2014). On the alternative hand, polluted towns and business wastewater pollute rivers and threaten ecosystems.



Question No. 6 : 

In spite of that effort, Nigeria is not able to sustainably control its water assets in maximum of the country. Therefore, clever water control may be very crucial with inside the mild of the hastily deteriorating town water disaster in all industrialized and developing countries. Therefore, IWRM is a great opportunity for  authorities to help people with water problems.


References,

Doršner, K. (2020). Essentials of environmental science (2nd edition). Download the pdf.

UNEP. (n.d.). What is Integrated Water Resources Management?. Retrieved from https://www.unep.org/explore-topics/disasters-conflicts/where-we-work/sudan/what-integrated-water-resources-Management
