Learning Journal Unit 7
Choose one of the main water systems you have learned about that is also in your country (do you have a lake, river, coast, or coral reefs in your country?).
Rivers and lakes
Coastal areas
Deep sea/Oceans
Coral reefs
Research that item in our Textbook, and look online to study the environmental issues associated with it in your nation. Then list what you consider to be the two (2) main environmental problems associated with it. Please do not forget to list the references you used.

In what ways do these issues affect you and your family directly?

In your own words, please describe one way you think those problems could perhaps be reduced or alleviated?

Please outline in your own words, one other new thing you learned this week in the course. How does it apply to your life?


ANSWER:

The Question No. 1 : 

In Nigeria, rivers and lakes are the maximum vital water structures. Nigeria has 4,444 full-scale rivers in Niger and Venue (Ita, 1994). However, numerous specific tributaries flow into with inside the Niger Venue Valley and Lake Chad. Designed with the assist of those fundamental rivers and their tributaries (Ita, 1994). Includes different water shape floodplains, mining, and status swimming pools with inside the United States.

The Question No. 2 : 

The important annoying situations are: 

1. Oil exploration firms` incorrect discharge of risky substances and oil spills in water our our our our bodies are destroying the mangrove forest, further to fish, shellfish, and ecosystems. It is a immoderate threatening environmental problem particularly with in the us of a`s south-west region, that has always impacted the livelihood of the people with in the us of a or, region, as they are essentially fishermen and farmers, and it has impacted people, the environment, in addition to the monetary shape in typical.

2. The indiscriminate disposal of municipal strong trash is turning into greater prevalent. It is hooked up to poverty, terrible governance, urbanization, populace increase, low dwelling standards, and a loss of environmental cognizance and control of environmental information waste (Abila & Kantola, 2019). Most of those wastes come from residential reasserts and are regular of family garbage.

The Question No. 3 : 

We no longer live in these river locations, so there is no direct impact on my own family or myself. Most of the meals fed on is grown on this a part of the country, so the acquisition charge of agricultural merchandise is notably higher.


The Question No. 4 : 

One and only the handiest methods which it can deal with those problems is to elevate public focus approximately the effect of water-associated problems at the environment. Municipal stable waste control is an crucial a part of city infrastructure that guarantees environmental and human fitness protection. In addition, the authorities have to make certain that appropriate trash disposal structures are in region and the software of realistic strategies or technologies. Enforcing sanitation and thorough compliance to assure that each one policies are absolutely adhered to is every other incredible approach to deal with the problems.

The Question No. 5 : 

Water shortage and the first-class water are the 4,444 crucial mind I actually have discovered. Together we are able to see how crucial it's miles to all people in our lives, and its proportions alternate now no longer best the populace of the high-quality factors of the world, however additionally numerous factors, and I am them and I had observed a manner to adopt.

References,

Doršner, K. (2020). Essentials of environmental science (2nd edition).

UNDESA. (n.d.). Water for Life Decade. Retrieved from https://www.un.org/waterforlifedecade/quality.shtml




