The Internet is a global network and provides many benefits.  Please research and consider the impact of the Internet on privacy.  Locate at least two current articles about monitoring user activity online by private companies or governments.  Why are users monitored, how can they prevent this, can privacy be accomplished online?  Please make sure to cite sources in the APA style.

ANSWER:


In the beginning, in our daily life we cannot live without internet. It has become a global system to make an interconnection between the computer networks that we used to use in the internet protocol which is called (TCP/IP) that helps to make a link with billions of the computer or electronic devices all over the world. This was a network which needs to be formed by millions of the private or public networks such as, it could be academic or business or government networks that has a local with the global scope that needs to be linked with each array for the broad wireless or electronics optical networking devices. Besides this, we could say that the internet also convey a range of information including many learning resources and educational services also which was inter-linked with the hypertext documents or web and mobile application all over the world via email(electronic mail) or voice over (IP telephone) or may be file sharing via Bluetooth networks which peers to peers. But now a days internet has become the most worldwide networks which also gives so many advantages for the society all over the world for every single personal uses for the top business sector. But sometime it can be used for the governmental issues or activities also. 

   Moreover, the security problems are also another critical problem for the cyber-security and technology department also.  Thus, we all needs to be concern about the internet privacy which also needs to involve the right of the personal data and security for the string and provision for the third parties' users.



In my second point of the view, the government also using social media platform monitoring software to detect if people security and privacy are being threat or not. Many cyber security experts are working for the government. But many Americans believes that the majority of the people's personal data are less secure and their also lack of the security control. 





References, 

Internet Privacy, From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Retrieved 8 April 2021, from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_privacy

