Reflection Topic: Time Management
Complete Activity 2 and Activity 3 in Chapter 2 of the textbook, and then address the following questions:

Compare the results of your personal time allocation to your ideal time allocation. Are you close to your ideal allocation? If not, what factors are affecting your use of time?
Based on what you’ve read this week, what strategies can you use to more effectively manage your time? Be sure to identify at least three time management strategies, and describe how you will apply them.
Be sure that your Learning Journal entry is a minimum of 400 words.

APA Exercise
Every week in your learning journal for Online Education Strategies, you will practice APA format. For the first 4 weeks of this class, we have practiced how to cite and reference different kinds materials – books, articles, website, and videos. While there are other kinds of materials that can be cited and referenced, most will be very similar to what you have already learned, and so we are working on quoting and paraphrasing.

This week, we will continue working on how to correctly quote and how to correctly paraphrase. Go back to the video you found for our Week 4 APA exercise. Then, complete the following exercise:

What was the full reference for the video you found for the Week 4 APA exercise? (If your instructor gave you feedback on how to correct your reference, be sure to write the correct reference this week).
What was the in-text citation for the video you found for the Week 4 APA exercise? (If your instructor gave you feedback on how to correct your citation, be sure to write the correct citation this week).
If your video had a transcript, find a paragraph from the transcript, and copy and paste it here. If it did not, do your best to include a full sentence directly from the video.
Select a section from #3, and using the APA rule for short quotations, put the section in quotation marks while adding an APA in-text citation at the end.
Re-read the section from #3, and re-write it in your own words while adding an APA in-text citation at the end. (This is called paraphrasing).



ANSWER:



     The characteristics of well-written goals are for achieving our goals for time management. For example, if I also keep tracks and schedule my work and set up a goal to complete the work it would save me a lot of time-wasting. Because setting up goals helps the right way to procedure our daily life tasks. This process would help us to figure out a good time management system or method. If I always maintain this goal I would able to maintain four things you can do to develop a positive attitude. Those are :

By auditing my time management schedule would help me to be straight and sticks to the work in my full week.   
It would help me to follow my daily life rules and build good keystone habits in my daily life task and keep eliminate me from those bad habits.
For example, if I always woke up early in the morning make a schedule to exercise or walk every day, this method would help to keep and stay fit my health.
Creating my own to-do lists also would help me every day for my next tasks and also assist me to take a frequent break.
     Closing my ideal time could also affect me in many ways. Because this method could make me dependent on the external environment which I always keep determining to keep separate from this strategy. For example, when I sleep alarming and scheduling a time it would help me in both ways mentally and physically in the ideal time allocation importantly. Because without making any schedule of time would cause distress and overload panics for health and wasting his own time.
   On the other hand, I want to share out that, time allocation is one of the effective learning strategies. Because this strategy would help me to refresh my learning my knowledge and complete my all to-do list tasks on time. In my opinion, I would not recommend the following the ideal allocation to follow. I would always suggest that we would not follow which we do not need to do. and waste our time. 

  I am going to demonstrate the three-time management strategy to follow every day and manage our time effectively.

  By starting my every morning with a clear focus is one of the important strategies to maintain. For example, every day by checking emails and try to respond to all the mails at first and try to solve their problems and issue this would help me to do my first related work activities and complete that on time it would save me a lot of time which I can use to accomplish my work using productivity. Because I could set clear goals and keep the focus on that work.

  By reviewing my every morning would also help me a lot to build a workable solution. For example, spending ten to twenty minutes on my task lists by reviewing my everyday work would help me to achieve my goals and accomplish my need also.  

   By keeping all my daily works multi-tasks within a limit is also a useful way to keep maintain the strategy. For example, in our everyday life in the office if we do not set us all meeting, call, and plans timely we have to suffer. Because multi-tasking work does not keep our focus on our important work. Without planning and analyzing our work would cause a great effect on our time and we just need to stop multitasking work. 





APA Exercise:



 5 tips to improve your critical thinking 

Samantha Agoos, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dItUGF8GdTw

     Every day, a sea of decisions stretches before us, and it’s impossible to make a perfect choice every time. By improving our situation by making critical thinking and decide to take the right steps to deal with our problem. and we must need to be always select useful and reliable information while we are thinking about that subject. By gathering more information before making any kind of decision to sort it our problem. By taking clear and relevant ideas for our question because this point would help me to determine to take any judgment. 

         After gathering the information we must need to apply this information in real life. We need to ask ourselves more critical questions and think about it, for example; 'what things could work for me? '. Try to think logically and consider the implications, for example, we just need to select the right student if he could maintain and eligible for the work he promises for. By exploring more about the other points of their idea. As a result, If you see any disagree thought you could oppose those thoughts and then make a decision of it. 



  References,

   Agoos, S. (2016, March 15). 5 tips to improve your critical thinking - Samantha Agoos.Youtube. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dItUGF8GdTw


   