discussion



Dear Thinkers,

Please read the reading materials from Chapter 12 of the Corporate Social Responsibility textbook that you find in the reading assignment. Based on what you have learned in this unit, answer the following questions:

Does reading this chapter make you less likely to buy leather and fur products, or not? Why or why not?
Does reading this chapter make you more likely to go vegetarian in your food consumption (if you are not already), or not? Why or why not?
Do you feel that the consumption of meat and the use of leather and fur are “natural” and therefore acceptable? Why or why not?
Does an “ethical” company owe any duty to animals, or are ethical duties only owed to humans?


ANSWER:

1. ANSWER:

In the beginning, I would like to talk about my personal situations about buying any leather products. Actually I had never bought any genuine fur or leather tings for example, handbag, or jacket and so on. I had bought faux fur only. And I am not also had any contrary opinion to buy any fur or leather things but I am bit worried about these animals are providing us these types of fashionable products. But I would like to enlighted here that, still most of the industries are out so that they can actively involved caring about the animals. The certain industries and companies are always in the target to make a huge benefit by killing those animals and make huge amount money from the animals. In this case, I would like to suggest that everyone should have and build their own farm so that they can grow up and make slaughter for their own livestock, which can be consumed and make use of the cow's skin or goats and make handbag or fashionable products and other things so that it can make to preserve and these skins will not be wasted.  

2. Answer: 

Basically, if I give my example I grown up by eating meat but personally I do not love it and I like to eat vegetables more. While I was reading this chapter I had a study that, the baffling also can be waste for the America Commercial purpose and the livestock as well as for its poultry operations which can produce. The reason is it can provide the poultry for the citizens of America and fulfill the demand which is actually sad to learn about this horrible situations of livestock lives in the some American farms. Thus, I would like to say again that, we need to reduce the meat intake and eat or grow more vegetables and fruits. This green vegetables and fruits are also helping us keep our diet in balance.

3. ANSWER:

In my own opinion, I think it was natural. Because it would be not right think in religious thoughts but I think animals are put including humans. It does not put for only make companions and provide us the foods and clothes. Moreover, it actually depends on our society and environment. But the cultural and religious background are also depend if it is original and complete the natural in the other part of the world. The animals can be retrieved by the resources which another issue. But it can be done rightly in our well-being mind. Furthermore, the high demand can be though but I am not interested for this and the limitation of the quantity can be also sourced. 

4. ANSWER: 

Here, In my own opinion, I think that a legal company can owe the animals to make to protect them as well as it can be used in the illegal manner. These animals have feelings and it is necessary too. The legal manner can be done if there is a way to get leather or meat or slaughter. 

Reference:

Pulos, E. & Jimenez, C. G. (Year of publication). Animal Rights and CSR., Good Corporation,Bad Corporation: Corporate Social Responsibility in the Global Economy. (pp. pages of chapter 12)

