Visit: www.humanmetrics.com. Take the Jungian test to confirm your MBTI preference profile. Do this early, to avoid complications and last minute inquiries. It is important to read the FULL DESCRIPTION of the Jungian test prior to taking it. When reading about the test, you will need to recall the preliminary self-assessment you did last week when you established a four-letter profile that you thought fits your personal preferences. This is very important for validity reasons.

Please proceed to take the test while ensuring a quiet, uninterrupted time. When in doubt, answer the question as if you were much, much younger—even a child. The reason for doing so is the fact that, even though we have our innate preferences right now (or, at the time of taking the sorting test), we also adapt to what life brings us. The test is a sorting test—with answers that are either or; thus, recalling what was more natural and easier for us before we had to adapt to life, family members, circumstances, difficulties, hardships, etc. will work the best. Do not try to choose based on who you would want to be. Answer honestly. There are no wrong answers. Absolutely none.

Allocate at least 1.5-2 hours to research the surrounding topics—as explained below. Start writing the first draft of your paper. To do so, just follow the points 3-6 underneath. Write down your confirmed preference profile first. Explain what it means in a business or academic milieu—this means finishing the sentence (example): My confirmed profile is……….; this means that in business and school I am………….. and ………. Remember, you will be asked to title your essay to make it interesting and educational for you and your readers. You may start thinking about the title right now.

Write down an absolute opposite of your profile and search the human metrics, as well as at least  two other websites, for detailed information on “your opposite four letter preference”.  You may want to give this person a name and note it down. If your profile is ISTJ (for instance), you will need to familiarize yourself with the total opposite profile: ENFP—in this example. KNOW that person! That is to say, find out as much as you can about this person’s profile. Explain this person’s preferences in detail.  Use examples explaining your dealings with similar persons at school or at work.  Remember: in every point and every space in your essay you are to use your own language. No copying and pasting are allowed (and they would constitute plagiarism—that is a serious offence).

Recall two difficult situations from the past. Ensure that these are not private situations, referring to your family members or friends. Choose a business or school setting where performance was an issue. These would be work-related and school-related situations when you had problems attaining the success you were after, communicating with others, feeling validated or contributing. Explain in detail what happened—why were the situations difficult. Make links with what you learned during the first two weeks of this course. What are the links? Had you known what you know now,  would you handle the two situations you described any differently? How? Why? Specify if the person or people with a profile different than yours were part of the picture, and if so, how it impacted your feelings and your actions. Show off your knowledge. This process of showing off your knowledge will serve you well not only during this course. Remember, the day to start some changes in your less effective behavior already started!

Based on your knowledge of EI and MBTI thus far, write down a list of 3-5 strategies that you will employ, while dealing with difficult situations and individuals who have different preferences. If you choose to write 3 strategies (and not 5), make sure that you provide more than a line of explanation. The less examples, the more thoroughness will be needed. Use your judgment, and make it show (explain what you mean). Title your essay, if you have not done that already. Make it a significant and impactful title.

To recapitulate: Write an essay of 1,000 words explaining in detail points 3-6. Reference your sources and use personal examples. Reserve at 125-250 words to corroborate point 6.

Be advised that the scoring grid will be based on points 3-7 (inclusive). Each point will be worth 20%, so five points = 100%




ANSWER:

PSYC 1205

Course Instructor: Tiffany Millacci

University of the People




By Getting introduced with mine and your Personality Profile



Introduction:                 


As all of us recognize that www.humanmetrics.com is an internet site wherein we are able to check our personalities which include behaviors, emotions, strengths, and weaknesses. This check can assist us to get acquainted with the stated personalities folks in order that withinside the destiny may want to manipulate and manipulate them in keeping with the surroundings and the people. In addition, this check additionally gives us a profile of our character which could manual us greater in the direction of ours and others' personalities. Indeed, I additionally took a character check right here which finally ends up having as the end result or character profile of ENFP which tells that I actually have Extraverted, Intuitive, Feeling, and Perceiving character traits. Besides that I additionally took any other check-in 
https://www.16personalities.com/free-personality-test which moreover ends having an ENFP individual with almost the same description. So, after the one's test, I observed that this is ENFP is my individual profile, and people with having ENFP individual profile should have like mine mentioned individual descriptions.



My Personality profile:                

According to Jung, Briggs Myers persona type, my proven profile is an ENFP with sixteen personalities. The possibilities I was given had been extroversion (50%), intuition (sixteen%), feelings (62%), and perception (9%). I`m 50% extroverted, so I suppose I revel in being around humans seeking out social thought and possibilities to engage with others. This is likewise due to the fact I even have an excessive proportion of feelings (62%). In this manner, I don't forget anybody to be a part of the arena of the universe and deal with them warmly and kindly. I additionally attempt to assist and be thoughtful first, whether or not at paintings or in private life, whilst a person is harmed or feeling lonely. Also, maximum of my choices are primarily based totally on my feelings, now no longer my thoughts. For example, in case you see a person being bullied or crushed via way of means of a person, you do not even consider it for a 2d and attempt to step up and store or assist that individual rather than simply leaving. I additionally revel in searching at matters from an effective perspective, hard my skills, and taking up obligations that have a widespread effective effect on my career. From an expert factor of view, I can reach jobs that require desirable communique skills. Apart from that, I additionally have a few weaknesses: B. Procrastination and unrealistic choices. The largest undertaking in my faculty days became getting matters performed on time and ready till the very end. I do not suppose that is desirable for each private and expert life. I should overcome. Another weak point of me, or of others with an ENFP persona, is that we do not certainly consider anybody or everything. , And attempt to assist and fasten the one's problems. In phrases of selection making, I additionally make choices primarily based totally on the feelings that manual me to assume all of the outcomes of my actions, in particular, if the ones results are humane in nature. I'm having a difficult time.


Opposite:                


On the contrary, there also are oppositions to my persona that I observed after performing some studies on a few websites, there are individuals who are absolutely competition to my persona profile whose persona profile is ISTJ consistent with the Human Metrics persona test. increase. According to (Butt, no date), ISTJs are regularly referred to as inspectors, they may be truly punctual, very punctual, and have an eager experience of being proper from the incorrect place. In addition, they may be very touchy to their regions of hobby and duty and take all duties seriously, which makes them effortlessly annoyed through the contradictions of others. An appropriate instance of that is a chum of mine who changed into with me in excessive faculty and his call changed into Jaffery. Jaffery had an ISTJ persona profile. His persona changed into the complete opposite of mine. He changed into continually on time and continually took the commercial enterprise and moves he changed into inquisitive about seriously. He changed into certainly considered one among folks who did all his homework on time without being past due for faculty. In contrast, he had altered within constantly annoyed to look at a number of his friends, such as myself, now no longer completing their homework on time. Even if I didn`t do my homework or my teacher's homework, I continually stated that I have to be punished, so I by no means had a risk again. Simply put, Jaffery changed into a strict and punctual staff. In my faculty life, I had by no means visible him display heat emotions to anyone, however, he changed into very strict and punctual. They believe that the police most effectively have a person who is aware of him and has an identical persona like him. 


Two hard conditions from the past:

1)        
My selfdom is straightforward to get emotional and smooth to get angry. A proper instance is my excessive faculty life. When I become in excessive faculty, I become frequently banished from classes, specifically records classes. This is due to the fact my records instructor become strict and had a special persona profile that I agree with is similar to Jaffery (ISTJ). Whenever he becomes with us, he becomes doing a variety of homework, so I become arguing with him. Also, he gave us a variety of tale memorization tasks, so I were given angry, hated him, and commenced speak me to him positively. Simply put, he has punished me normally through being kicked out of elegance and evaluating me to competitive college students like Jaffery. All this passed off till in the future he instructed my mom the entirety in a parent's tale and the day after today I found out that I become withinside the workplace of our director, the previous director of him, and my mom. I did. He recommended that the instructor now no longer evaluate him to all and sundry else, and additionally supply him an excessive amount of homework and records memorization. He additionally instructed me to paintings tough and whole all instructor assignments to show that I can also be one of these lively college students. I commenced operating tough and additionally commenced gratifying his assigned obligations and obligations. After all, I loved getting to know his elegance and I additionally handed this elegance with proper grades.


2)   
Another instance of my tough state of affairs withinside the beyond turned into this university (UOpeople). This is my 2d yr at the University of the People. At the start of my research at this university, I had many demanding situations with time limits because of the ENFP`s persona profile. One of my weaknesses turned into procrastination, I could not get matters accomplished on time and waited till the very end. You might not even entire a few obligations due to procrastination. Over time, I took this type of psychology course (Emotional Intelligence) and commenced to analyze and broaden this weak point. Still, I from time to time hesitate, however, it is now no longer tons extraordinary than before. The best component that helped me broaden this weak point turned into making a great studies plan and recognizing my emotions approximately why I turned into procrastinating. I recognize that my procrastination maybe because of now no longer paying an excessive amount of interest to this week's demanding situations. Therefore, I felt that I did now no longer have sufficient facts to publish the assignment. Instead, I selected now no longer to even publish it, however, information this weak point and motion facilitates me broaden this.

After increasing the expertise of El (Emotional Intelligence) and MBTI. I would really like to advise the subsequent techniques to address tough conditions wherein I even have such or specific character preferences.


1) Keep Calm:

One of the maximum hard matters all of us may also face is that we don't have any manage over our emotions, we've got now no longer been capable of reply speedy to conflicts, and we were stressed for a few time. So each time I`m confronted with the conflicts I referred to withinside the final hard instances or hard instances like me, it enables me to experience higher and copes with the situation, so live calm for a while. This was recommended so that it can be maintainable. to understand. Later, do now no longer remorse the results of preceding responses to conflicts and hard instances.


2) Listen more:

So, to be well-non-public and to deal with tough situations, pay attention extra each time you're dealing with warfare, particularly for your relationship, so you can higher apprehend why the alternative individual is suffering. It is really helpful to do that warfare with you, in preference to explaining or sharing your reasons. Because extra listening facilitates to get extra information, higher is aware of the basis of the warfare and facilitates to without difficulty remedy the warfare later.

3) Decision making:

The final method I need to apply is to lessen the range of impulsive choices. Now I am considering the final results of my choices now and withinside the future. The motive Or, rather than losing time looking to repair mistakes, that point will be used to enhance selection making and circulate ahead with minimum bad impact.



Conclusion:

Now that we had discovered approximately your personal and different character profiles, you are acquainted together along with your emotions, behaviors, strengths, and weaknesses. Therefore, with a majority of these techniques in mind, you could manage your emotions, expand your behavior, expand your weaknesses, and construct an awesome character in each of your non-public and expert lifestyles withinside the future.



Reference,

Humanmetrics. (n.d.). Jung typology test. http://www.humanmetrics.com/cgi-win/jtypes2.asp

NERIS Analytics Limited. (n.d.). Free personality test. 16Personalities. https://www.16personalities.com/free-personality-test

Butt, J. (n.d.). Introverted Sensing Thinking Judging. Humanmetrics. Retrieved September 14, 2021, from http://www.humanmetrics.com/personality/istj
