Think about the gender conditioning and the social norms of the culture where you lived during your formative years. Consider the influence of gender conditioning on your health beliefs, health-related behaviors, and help-seeking behaviors.  Explain how gender conditioning and social norms you experienced during your formative years affected your health-related beliefs and behaviors both then and now. Compare this with the ideas in the readings and discuss whether your health beliefs and behaviors tend toward the gender norms or whether your health beliefs and behaviors tend to be one of the many exceptions.

End your discussion post with a question related to this unit for further discussion.

Your Discussion should be at least 250 words in length, but not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references for the textbook and any other sources used.



ANSWER:


I grew up in a small village that became assumed to be accurate and on the equal time dangerous, ordinarily because of the excessive price of crime, drug abuse, as an instance; alcohol, smoking, and marijuana, and continuing a volatile lifestyle. To me, those sports had been visible as everyday and k among men (each younger and old) and confirmed the masculine side. Also, returned in the ones days, bodily sports as an instance sports activities became simplest constrained for men, and girls had been now no longer allowed to take part, which made me apprehend that guys do now no longer fall unwell in comparison to girls due to the fact they're bodily strong (Ogden, 2017). Females had been taken into consideration to be extra emotional as in comparison to guys, and also, peer stress among younger men became very excessive in that they endorsed themselves to have unprotected intercourse with unique women so as to reveal that they had been guys. This motivated how I perceived fitness beliefs; as an instance; I used to peer myself as too vulnerable because I did now no longer take part in any bodily sports. This made me much less stimulated with bodily sports, because they had been intended for guys. This endorsed me to apply for fitness care extra and looking for help.


Gender roles and social norms affected my fitness-associated notion and behaviors, for example, I best knew that bodily sports had been supposed for guys and now no longer females, and so loss of bodily sports influence our fitness in a single manner or another; for example, it may cause excessive blood strain and excessive blood cholesterol. Till now I am no longer that energetic concerning bodily sports and this impacts my exercise behaviors, which in flip will have a bad effect on my fitness. My fitness ideals and behaviors have a tendency toward the gender norm due to the fact I noticed myself to be much less sturdy and emotional as compared to guys and guys taking pills as ordinary and desirable as compared to females.


Reference,

Ogden, J. (2017). Unit 7: Gender, Health, and Illness. In the Psychology of Health and Illness: An   Open Access Course. Retrieved, fromhttps://my.uopeople.edu/pluginfile.php/927559/mod_page/content/7/Ogden%20-%20The%20psychology%20of%20health%20and%20illness_2019.pdf
