Learning Journal Unit 7
As you reflect on the ideas presented this week, how do you think that common gender stereotypes could negatively affect patients in health care settings? In psychology, it is assumed that everyone has some biases. Consider your own biases and whether they could potentially affect your treatment of others. What strategies could be used to counteract these biases? Include hypothetical examples and/or personal examples if applicable. 

The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources.



ANSWER:

The stereotype in healthcare reasons an unfavorable effect, making the affected person's experience worse. If humans searching for healthcare face stereotypes because of their weight, age, gender, or social class, it could cause them to doubt what the medical doctor has identified or they'll experience being encouraged to seek extra care (Aronson et al, 2013). A guy I understand became hospitalized for kidney issues and he refuses to head lower back to the sanatorium as he confronts healthcare stereotypes. Moreover, he knowledgeable me, that the minute he walked into the strength he felt uncomfortable and plenty much less than a guy. He is negative, and a observation will become made, that for a big guy, he must be able to arising with the cash for his medication.

A few days ago, a character unhoused fainted on the refuge I perform at, and while rushed to the clinic, eleven though unresponsive, changed into driven right into a corner. The member of the workforce who took him to the clinic, called me in distress; once I spoke with the pinnacle of the Accident Emergency Department; her expression changed into, “Why didn`t the younger guy inform me he got here out of your refuge?”, This simply is going to reveal that who you're can be the figuring out component for the provider you receive.

As a child's person forms, the research from their surroundings, the way to deal with others. By age three, a child's mind could be around 90% of the predicted person size (Winston & Chicot, 2016), and through age eight, their cognitive improvement could be advanced (Allen, 2015). Based on early cognitive improvement studies, labels benefit kids' location matters into groups, so, while kids are known as boys and girls, it offers them an intellectual photograph of what every interaction needs to seem like and the equal for different groupings (Allen, 2015). 

Where gender is concerned, we see guys as assertive, brave, and they need to display no signal of weakness, while ladies are anticipated to be nurturing, caring, and display much less authority. I discovered to simply accept human beings for who they're and now no longer choose them primarily based totally on my perception. I stay via way of means of the mantra, “Don`t choose an ee-ebook via way of means of its cover”. I am additionally conscious of the tale my grandmother taught me, approximately a farmer, who went shopping for an automobile, and the sales clerk laughed at him to scorn, telling him to go away the showroom. Little did he recognize that the bag the person had contained coins to make the purchase.

Despite all this, I nonetheless locate it tough to tolerate easy guys; in different phrases; I want to see guys that are assertive, smart, and flow with alacrity. Simple guys make me cringe. Thank goodness for age and experience, which has taught me to be an affected person and tactful. It was once so smooth for me to inform them of how their simplicity makes me feel like I am coping with a female. Now, I am greater conscious of the impact of stereotyping and the spoken word. Sometimes, I must rely on 10 or repeat to myself, “May the phrases of my mouth and the meditation of my coronary heart be suitable in Thy sight…..”, For my lower thoughts. Case in factor, some months ago, a younger guy got here to me for shelter; he turned into the dwelling on the streets after being launched from the person correctional middle and turned into glaringly in want of care. We stay in a completely homophobic society and in my more youthful days, the manner he seemed and his tone of voice might have motivated me to react negatively. After taking note of his story, I determined out that he became incarcerated at a totally more youthful age and did now not apprehend what it felt like, wanted to be cherished, and could do something to inform the story of the streets. He is now a modified character, and usually thank you to me for supporting him as a factor, while others might have closed their doors.

There have been many times after I have placed my private emotions apart for the not unusual place appropriate. This is the motive why for the maximum of my grownup life, I have engaged in such a lot of charitable initiatives as I recognize that no matter one`s notion of another, there are continually a few appropriate in everyone. I have educated my personnel to simply accept anybody that is going to the refuge as eleven, though we're going for walks, a commercial enterprise, and they're the fine paying customer.

References,

Allen, L. R. (2015, July 23). Child Development and Early Learning. Transforming the Workforce for Children Birth Through Age 8: A Unifying Foundation. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK310550/. 

Aronson, J., Burgess, D., Phelan, S. M., & Juarez, L. (2013, January). Unhealthy interactions: the role of stereotype threat in health disparities. American journal of public health. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3518353/. 

Winston, R., & Chicot, R. (2016). The importance of early bonding on the long-term mental health and resilience of children. London journal of primary care. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5330336/.


