The textbook and video highlighted differences in illness and symptoms for males and females. There are also differences in health outcomes, with females on average living longer than males. Describe at least 3-4 of the potential explanations for these differences. The textbook lists several examples on pages 86-90. Make sure to use your own words to share these ideas and include APA citations. Example: (Ogden, 2019). Which potential explanation is the most likely to account for differences in longevity between females and males and why?

The Written Assignment should be 2-3 double spaced pages in length, not including title or reference pages. (No abstract is needed.) Make sure your assignment is APA formatted and composed using Microsoft Word (or a similar word processing application), Times New Roman, 12-point font, and 1” margins. Please do not submit a PDF document. All papers must be able to be opened with Microsoft Word. Include headings (introduction, main section, and conclusion), citations, and a list of references in APA format. Edit for spelling and grammar errors. You can get assistance with APA formatting at:
Purdue Online Writing Lab. (n.d.). APA style introduction. Purdue University. https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/apa_style/apa_style_introduction.html

Papers will be assessed using the following criteria:

Student described at least 3 different potential explanations for differences between male and female health
Student used their own words to explain the ideas used in their paper
Student used the textbook to support the ideas in their paper
Student included at least one other source (article, book, website) to support their paper
Student used in text citations appropriately Example: (author, year) (Ogden, 2019) These are found within the paper to give credit for ideas to the author.
Paper is 2-3 pages in length, not including the title and reference pages
All references cited in APA format, with a source list
Paper professionally written without spelling or grammar errors



ANSWER:


PSYC 1111 - Introduction to Health Psychology

UNIVERSITY OF THE PEOPLE

Kimberly Palermo-Kielb (Instructor)

Differences in fitness outcomes







Research has discovered more than one variances among ladies and men in fitness signs and outcomes, even for identical conditions. Ogden (2019) explores the opportunities among men`s and girls' biology, help-looking for behaviors, present day social norms, fitness behaviors, unstable behaviors, and coping mechanisms (p. 83). Additionally, Ogden (2019) reviews that girls live, on average, 3 years longer than men, with girls positioned in Eastern Europe living as much as 11 years longer (p. 85). However, girls are extra at risk of coronary coronary heart disease, diabetes, headaches, depression, and obesity, even if there aren't gender variations with the identical illnesses that influence adult males or girls. Since there's an imbalance of girls as opposed to adult males in scientific trials, tons of the suggested medical facts does now no longer quantify the woman's enjoyment of illnesses as tons because it should. Therefore, there's regularly flawed analysis, diagnosis, or variations in signs that pass unrecognized for girls.

Biological Factors: 

Adverse fitness behaviors which include alcohol or compulsive or regular substance use, loss of sleep, smoking, loss of exercise, intellectual fitness, or medicines play a massive element in the loss of life of an individual's well-being. According to Ogden (2019), adult males are most recognized with HIV/AIDS, digestive problems, or different problems on account of unstable behavior. Females will tend to have lower back problems, excessive blood pressure, and depression. The organic elements which can be the idea a gender may have a sporting ability for sicknesses and the way the frame responds to the ones elements. For example, estrogen protects more youthful girls from coronary heart disorder and might adjust their weight and metabolism. However, adjustments in lipid ranges as they mature can also additionally purpose weight advantage and boom fatty tissue. Tests on ranges of testosterone androgens are maximum while adult males are young people or getting into adulthood. In men, testosterone reduces through the years as a part of the herbal ageing process, however it could result in declining libido, infertility, sleep patterns, or depression (Stanworth & Jones, 2008).

Risk-taking behaviors: 
 
Ogen (2019) posits that men are much more likely to be concerned with unstable behaviors along with smoking or alcohol abuse. Males also are much more likely to take part in high-threat sports than women, along with rock climbing, car racing, skydiving, or sports to have a proportionately better harm or dying rates. The variations emerge as amplified similarly while men strain baselines boom at the side of testosterone ranges, adrenaline, or combat or flight mentality. At the equal time, women beneath the strain will normally retreat from the surroundings and take fewer risks. however, will eat, drink, or use digital gadgets while driving (Crosiant et al, 2013). Generally, men underrate the threat ranges from collaborating in dangerous behaviors along with smoking, dangerous sex, or drugs. For example, men could have a lower threat degree than women for risky driving (Ogden, 2019).

Health seeking behavior:

Gender fitness behaviors and outcomes can also additionally comparison male and girl participation in searching for fitness checks and care. The disparities in fitness care support verify the speculation that Ogeden (2019) stipulates that adult males are much less probable to attend to their our bodies via way of means of now no longer searching for fitness care till it will become too late. Sometimes this will bring about greater extreme contamination that can also additionally occur. Males may be much less willing to look for fitness care or attend a hospital, particularly in the event that they accept as true that their signs and symptoms are brief or that social norms have conditioned them to, except as true that they have to be "hard and ready." However, women may be much more likely to be looking for healthcare given the social norms they understand, including normal OB/GYN checkups, mammograms, or different ailments.

Social norms:

Modern societies have an impact on how ladies and men deal with every difference and themselves. That concept is likewise regular throughout healthcare paradigms. However, it's far considered a greater of a girl trait (Ogdem, 2019)." [M]en are placed as clearly strong, proof against disease, unresponsive to ache and bodily distress, and unconcerned with minor symptoms" (Lee and Owens, 2002, as noted in Ogden, 2019, p 89). Within societies, men are recommended to hold the stereotypical male behaviors do now no longer outline themselves as feminine, which entails volatile and bad behaviors (Ogden, 2019). Accordingly, women are recommended to self-care, maintain a healthy lifestyle, and are searching for health-associated care while unwell (Ogden, 2019).


Conclusion:

According to Ogden (2019), there's continuously sturdy proof that helps the speculation that men undergo threat and bad behaviors due to stereotypical behaviors encouraged with the aid of using society at large. Differences in biology, perception standards, social norms, coping mechanisms, and help-looking for attitudes are all contributory elements inside the mortality quotes of men. There is evolutionary proof of why men take an unstable, bad position, and Dugatkin`s (2013) and Apicella et al. (2017) studies help this via molecular genetics, neurobiology, and endocrinology. Deprecating the studies will outline the aggressive threat that men use for unstable and bad behavior.



References,

Croisant S.A., Haque Laz T., Rahman M., & Berenson A.B. Gender differences in risk behaviorsamong high school youth. Glob Adv Health Med. 2013;2(5):16-22. doi:10.7453/gahmj.2013.045

Apicella, C.L., Crittenden, A.N., & Toblosky, V.A. (2017). Hunter-gatherer males are more risk-seeking than females, even in late childhood, Evolution and Human Behavior http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.evolhumbehav.2017.01.003

Dugatkin L. A. (2013). The evolution of risk-taking. Cerebrum: the Dana forum on brain science,2013, 1.

Stanworth, R. D., & Jones, T. H. (2008). Testosterone for the aging male; current evidence and recommended practice. Clinical interventions in aging, 3(1), 25–44. https://doi.org/10.2147/cia.s190

Ogden, J. (2019). The psychology of health and illness. University of the People. https://my.uopeople.edu/pluginfile.php/1524074/mod_page/content/8/Ogden%20-%

