There are 16 questions on this quiz.  You will see a small group of questions at a time.
 
Consider the following study: Marketing researchers Dominique and Huong wanted to know the following: “What percent of customers wear rain jackets at Seattle Food Store each day?” In an attempt to answer that question, Dominique and Huong designed a study. They called the store manager and arranged to collect data for 20 days. The researchers collected data for 4 hours each day for 20 days and counted the total number of shoppers who did and did not wear a rain jacket.  The average number of customers per day who wore a rain jacket during the sample period was 32.
 
The population in this study was (read each answer and select the best one):
c. All shoppers at the Seattle Food Store. Correct
 
The sample in this survey was:
b. The people who were observed shopping at the Seattle Food Store during the study. Correct
 
How would you describe the possibility that the sample was biased (read all answers and select the best one):
Select one:
c. There could be bias because the selected days might not be representative of all the days (such as changing weather). Correct
 
Use this information for the next four questions: Researchers wanted to know about a standardized test that was used across the country.  To get an estimate of the answer, they collected data from two classrooms of students who completed the test.
 
Scores from Classroom A:
 
8, 6, 9, 9, 8, 7, 8, 9, 10, 8, 10, 5, 4, 10, 9, 9
 
Scores from Classroom B:
 
9, 8, 7, 8, 9, 10, 9, 10, 7, 8, 10, 9, 9, 4, 6, 3
 
The set of all scores on the standardized test across the country is:
d. the population Correct
 
When all the scores for the two classrooms are added and divided by the number of observations, the resulting value is a:
Select one:
a. a statistic Correct
 
What is the mean score in Group A?
c. 8.0625 Correct
 
Load data for Group B into an R object called B, then run this command:
 
barplot(table(B))
 
What does the bar on the right represent?
e. Three students received a score of 10 on the quiz. Correct
 
The count of people who flossed three times per day is:
Select one:
d. 9 Correct
 
The cumulative relative frequency of those who flossed 0 to 2 times per day is:
Select one:
c. .6750 Correct
 
Use this information for the next six questions:
 
category <- c('a', 'g', 'd', 'a', 'd', 'g', 'g', 'd')
 
speed    <- c(60, 83.3,  71, 64.4,  75,  90,  87,  73)
 
The data type of the category object is:
b. factor Correct
 
The data type of the speed object is:
Select one:
a. numeric Correct
 
What is the mean of the category object?
e. none of the above Correct
 
What is the mean of speed (rounded to 1 decimal place)?
a. 75.5 Correct
 
What is the sample standard deviation of the speed data  (rounded to 1 decimal place)?
c. 10.6 Correct
 
What is the minimum value of the speed data:
b. 60.0 Correct
 
What is the mean of the number of pairs of shoes that the students owned?
Select one:
a. 3.0 Correct