Dear CSR practitioners,

Please read the case study “A New Slice of the Apple?” from the chapter 10 of the Business ethics textbook that you find in the reading assignment.

Based on what you have learned in this unit, answer the following questions:

Should a company build in the inner city to integrate its workforce with the community and reduce the traffic consequences of adding its workforce to the local population?
Is it better for a company to support local restaurants or build its own restaurant facilities?
Is it ethical for a company to spend so much on building a corporate facility instead of increasing shareholder dividends?
Should there be zoning laws regarding corporate campuses?


ANSWER:


1. Should a company build in the inner city to integrate its workforce with the community and reduce the traffic consequences of adding its workforce to the local population?

ANSWER 1:

I think this is more suitable for workers, so they will not take a long time to reach work. It reduces stress and makes life easier. This idea will be also better for the business. It’s also great for small towns as it can enrich it. Big companies like APPLE are responsible ethically, and they try to make the environment better. For example, in the case study we read, APPLE provided their new building, which is known as the “Ring”, with solar panels. Besides, it created a limited parking design to encourage employees to use public transport rather than private cars. This can result in reducing the gas that comes out of the cars (Byars, & Stanberry, 2019)

2. Is it better for a company to support local restaurants or build its own restaurant facilities?

ANSWER 2:

I think companies should support local restaurants instead of building their own. First, because there’s no need for the company to spend money on building restaurants. Second, supporting locals will make neighbors satisfied about the idea of inner city. Supporting locals will also growthe city’s economic and make the company sells more daily. 

3. Is it ethical for a company to spend so much on building a corporate facility instead of increasing shareholder dividends?

ANSWER 3:

I think it’s ethical to spend so much on building a corporate. Employees’ safety is more importantthan money. I think it’s also reasonable to build facilities, so that employees become more productive and more comfortable. The inner city was an idea, so that people won’t suffer travelling from a far place to reach the company.

4. Should there be zoning laws regarding corporate campuses?

ANSWER 4:

I don’t think it’s a good idea to put zoning laws. I think corporate campuses should be a one part and there should not be anything that separate campuses. I think in this way campuses can be more open to one another; therefore, this can grow the feeling of one company.


References:

Byars, S. M., & Stanberry, K. (2019). Business ethics. OpenStax College and Rice University. Retrieved from:  https://opentextbc.ca/businessethicsopenstax/.

