Please read the case study “What Would You Do?: Staffing Trade-offs” from the chapter 10 of the Business ethics textbook that you find in the reading assignment.
Based on what you have learned in this unit, answer the following questions:
What points support the job-sharing plan? How would it benefit the company? The employees?
What negative effects might it have on the company and the employees?
Do you have any concerns about potential employment discrimination if this plan is implemented? If so, what would they be?
Is creating job-sharing positions the right thing for the company/customers/employees to do in this situation?
Written Assignment Requirements
Submit a written paper that is a minimum of one typewritten page (approximately 500 to 700 words) with an introduction and conclusion. This paper shall demonstrate the use of standard written English with respect to organization, grammar, spelling, composition, sentence structure, punctuation, and construction. The paper should cite sources to support your ideas. Refer to the UoPeople APA Tutorials in the LRC for help with APA citations.


ANSWER:


Unit 7

Written Assignment

Chapter: Professional Ethics, Work Environments & Marketing Ethics

In this week`s challenge, we will talk the idea of activity sharing in a specific branch and the strengths and weaknesses of this sort of employment. It additionally emphasizes the incentive at the back of the want for a activity sharing role. A work-sharing role is one at which point society are employed part-time in place of a full-time role.

Question 1: What points support the job-sharing plan? 

The fact in the back of the paintings-sharing plan is that a few humans spend their loose time being concerned for youngsters and the elderly, being educated, doing facet jobs, and tasty in valid purposes that is. As greater entertainment time, paintings sharing improves the stability among paintings and life (Byars & Stanberry, 2019). Work co-proprietors are not going to be absent because of family, emergencies, and bendy hard work requirements that deliver them enough loose time free of charge time (Byars, & Stanberry, 2019).

Question 2: How would it benefit the company? The employees? 

In acknowledgment, the company will  have no shareholders who can  pressure and do their best to achieve very good results (Byars & Stanberry, 2019). Another advantage is that "with shorter working hours textbooks, lockstep process participants can achieve more than full-time employees" (Byars & Stanberry, 2019). With many employees and roles, employers can find talented people with the right skills and talents. Another benefit is that leaving the Ministry of Labor leaves room for training to speed up new hires (Byars & Stanberry, 2019). Moving from a full-time position to a part-time position can discourage  individuals from paying profits from full-time employees. This is appropriate whenever the corporation could be small or in case that the corporation is in adverse economic situations. Do it whilst it's miles stable and whether it is ethical.


Question 3: What negative effects might it have on the company and the employees? 

The first disadvantage of task sharing is that now no longer all professions are appropriate for this kind of position (Byars & Stanberry, 2019). Second, paintings can go through if incompetent humans do now no longer have the more time to fill this position (Byars & Stanberry, 2019). This ends with inside the 1/3 disadvantage. Employees want to make certain that the hiring individual can sincerely do the task, in particular if the resume isn't clear (how are you going to agree with the hiring individual?). Fourth, opposition among personnel can cause a choice for information (for example, you don`t have to reveal your associate the way to promote to keep income performance), and ironically, the identical cow. Milking may even intrude with the complete project. Fifth, the "Monday effect", a state of affairs wherein one wishes to seize up with paintings on the primary day, and in keeping with partners, spending this time can lessen productivity. Last however now no longer least, a few managers need unbiased however efficient humans. Dealing with humans can boom the strain of lively group leadership.


Question 4: Do you have any concerns about potential employment discrimination if this plan is implemented? If so, what would they be? 

Yes, I am concerned and even in textbooks, the query is whether or not employers lease activity sharers to boom productiveness or simplest part-time people to enhance profitability and keep away from social benefits. Concerns approximately the capacity for employment discrimination are that the separation of full-time and part-time people undermines different groups. The query is whether or not a full-time worker is doing a activity that calls for a couple of human beings and there's brief anxiety with inside the workplace. As said with inside the textbook, "Employees can reason discrimination if the flextime machine isn't constant to correct and well-evolved policies" (Byars & Stanberry, 2019).

Question 5: Is creating job-sharing positions the right thing for the company/customers/employees to do in this situation? 

In those situations, the agency could be very small, does now no longer carry out nicely, and has a excessive unemployment rate, so developing such jobs allows many human beings deliver meals to the table. Managers may also appear desperate, however different elements along with excessive coins glide in the course of unemployment play a role (Byars & Stanberry, 2019). The advertising branch can paintings nicely with a numerous workforce, that's extraordinary for sharing paintings. The very last solution is that, given the above elements, it's far accurate to create a process sharing function for this agency.

Conclusion:

The role of labor sharing relies upon at the scenario of the enterprise and the unemployment fee (for instance, if the unemployment fee may be very high, the enterprise may have as a minimum  or 3 human beings with inside the identical task as opposed to hiring one man or woman who can. Can be shared, which calls for an advantage to lessen the unemployment fee). Employers want to be sensible earlier than creating a decision, as such positions can show to be very useful in a specific department.

Reference,

Byars, S. M, & Stanberry, K. (2019), Business ethics. OpenStax College and Rice University, Retrieved from: https://opentextbc.ca/businessethicsopenstax/.  
