Share an intentional health-related behavior change that you have made in the past (it is ok if it wasn’t maintained long term). Did your personal experience relate with any of the ideas or theories in the readings or videos this week? Explain the idea or theory briefly along with your experience related to the idea or theory. Do you feel that knowing any of these ideas or theories in the past would help you to get through the behavior change? If so, please share your thoughts on that as well. 

End your discussion post with one well thought out question related to health psychology from which your colleagues can formulate a response or generate further discussion.

Your Discussion should be at least 250 words in length, but not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references for the textbook and any other sources used.



ANSWER:

I) gaining knowledge of principle (with delivered cognitions);
ii) social cognition principle and using planning;
iii) the ranges of extrade version and the improvement of motivational interviewing;
iv) the usage of emotion.

I made the selection to end smoking over twenty years in the past and this intentional health-associated behavior extrude has been maintained and is permanent. 

Personally, the selection that caused the global health-associated behavior extrude changed into immediately associated with the idea of the use of emotion. In my case, there has been each worry that lead to negative, emotion however additionally a nice affect that changed into the result. I changed into equipped to have kids and has a worry of the impact that the smoking may have on my unborn baby if I conceived whilst I changed into nonetheless smoking. In making this selection, I felt very nice in the direction of the selection I changed into making and extra or much less knew that it might be a completely maintained selection.

Similar to the week`s studying that used an instance of obese within side the use of emotion, my
scenario changed into comparable in that I felt there has been a danger to my unborn baby, and the smoking
could now no longer simplest damage me and preserve me far from my toddler however my toddler too. 
 
I felt geared up to have youngsters on the time and that fantastically prompted me to peer this intentional health-associated conduct extrude. However, the theories I actually have learnt could have helped to help me with the coping method and given me a attitude on now no longer simplest the adjustments however additionally the stairs of the extrude method. 
 
Taking into attention that the everlasting extrude I effected extra than twenty years in the past changed into with out the examined mental theories. What can we think that it was possible to handled the intentional health-associated conduct extrude properly or should I nevertheless go through the consequences of now no longer following a examined method?

Reference,

Ogden, J. (2017). Unit 3: Behavior Change. In Psychology of Health and Illness, pp. 29 - 36: AnOpen   Access   Course.   Retrieved   fromhttps://my.uopeople.edu/pluginfile.php/927559/mod_page/content/7/Ogden%20-%20The%20psychology%20of%20health%20and%20illness_2019.pdf

Ogden, J. (2019). The psychology of health and illness: An open access course. The psychology of health and illness.

