
Learning Journal Unit 3
Consider population-level interventions that aim to achieve health-related behavior change (mass media, financial incentives, etc.) along with everything you learned this week about behavior change. What do you think would be the most effective plan or method for improving health-related behavior at the population level?  Write your recommendations along with your reasoning supported by at least one of the readings. Feel free to also include your own innovative ideas for achieving population-level health. 

The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources.


ANSWER:

In our preceding units, we found out approximately fitness behaviors impact fitness outcomes. This week`s readings centered on conduct alternate. The theories mentioned have been the studying principle, social cognition principle, levels of alternate and motivational interviewing, and the use of emotion. The social cognition principle is using making plans, and using many fashions of ideals and conduct, and that they inform the approaches ideals foretell the conduct thru the identical behavioral intentions. It is crucial to mention that the primary hassle is whilst we plan more healthy sports like going for a motorbike trip or visit the swimming pool, after which we alternate it to look at a film with a pal this mindset is taken into consideration intention-conduct gap. In this mindset, we attempt to translate our intentions into conduct and make conduct alternate. In the psychology, those on occasion called " Implementation intentions and that they relate to making plans like "Tomorrow, I will devour fowl with rice for lunch," rather of "Tomorrow, I will devour more healthy." (Ogden, 2017).

On the alternative hand, many portions of studies display that purpose putting can assist to alternate a sequence of healthrelated behaviors. Sharing with others also can assist to attain powerful results; this can be a version for a mental settlement among buddies or own circle of relatives members. This week we additionally had readings approximately the effectiveness of monetary incentives and mass media use on conduct alternate. The studying on mass media had tremendous implications for conduct alternate, however they appeared very social and much less personal. I do now no longer consider they may be used efficaciously in fitness psychology for conduct alternate in a selected person, because it is based on too many out of doors factors. When I first contemplated the difficulty of monetary incentives and their have an effect on on conduct alternate, I did now no longer assume monetary incentives might paintings in a long-time period alternate for fitness behaviors, however I turned into amazed to study that withinside the examine that turned into, in fact, the case. “The to be had proof shows that monetary incentive interventions are greater powerful than typical care or no intervention for encouraging wholesome conduct alternate.” It appears that a conduct alternate can result in higher fitness, however maximum human beings assume it'll take a long term to look results, and the monetary incentive will show up in a brief time in order that they'll make the alternate in conduct for the “immediately gratification” of the monetary incentive. I additionally located in exciting that the concept of monetary “penalties” (discount in welfare benefits) can be used to steer conduct primarily based totally at the contingency of fitness-associated behaviors. (Giles, Robalino, McColl, Sniehotta & Adams, 2014).

In conclusion, this concept has helped many human beings due to the fact they discover ways to make a plan and set a goal; behaviors are certainly clean connections with fitness and illness. For my normal life, I use an e-private calendar wherein I kind the dreams that I need to attain for every day; up to now is being a success, now I sense extra assured to make modifications in my normal ordinary for properly bodily fitness.

References,

Ogden, J. (2019). The psychology of health and illness: An open access course. The psychology of health and illness.

Wakefield, M. A., Loken, B., & Hornik, R. C. (2010). Use of mass media campaigns to change health
behavior. The Lancet, 376(9748), 1261-1271. Retrieved from
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4248563/

Giles, E. L., Robalino, S., McColl, E., Sniehotta, F. F., & Adams, J. (2014). The effectiveness of financial
incentives for health behavior change: Systematic review and meta-analysis. PLoS ONE 9(3): e90347.
Retrieved from https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0090347



