
Dear CSR associates,

Please read the case study entitled “Insider Trading and Fiduciary Duty” from the chapter 7 "Financial Integrity" of the Business Ethics textbook that you find in the reading assignment.

Based on what you have learned in this unit, answer the following questions:

Employers in financial services must have stringent codes of professional behavior for their employees to observe. Even given such a code, how should employees honor their fiduciary duty to safeguard the firm’s assets and treat clients equitably? What mechanisms would you suggest for keeping employees in banking, equities trading, and financial advising within the limits of the law and ethical behavior?
This case dominated the headlines in the 1980s and the accused in this case were all severely fined and received prison sentences. How do you think this case might be treated today?
Should employees in these industries be encouraged or even required to receive ethical certification from the state or from professional associations? Why or why not?

163 words



ANSWER:

In the beginning, if we talk about money, which is kind of hard to say. In every financial companies we can say that before being employee you can be employed by any employer which is another sign of the contract. Usually we can also find the clauses of legal behavior to banned employees from acting illegal with funds which can be not trusted. We can also take actions default within all kinds of penalties and can be resigned from any companies or institutions in the legal way which would affect parties. The company can take risks to close down by the government. But for the mechanisms which can also keep employees in check if it is not sufficient. In my own opinion, defaulters need to think to make handlers to be careful and not managing properly of these issues which would lead to spiral out of the power. For jail time or fines which can not daunt sufficient way for few people to make the default of the regulations and take legal actions for the workplace and make ensure about the employees legally and make limitations of the law. Moreover, unconventional systems can make an employed to make ensure of the compliance and in my own opinion it can be treated in various ways. I can also point out that today's worlds in higher fined slapped for the culprits and make longer prison sentences which can able to make justice. This current trends have both options, which can be imagined by the latter of being to occur by the times and people's diversity.  Moreover, I believe that. If we receive a legal certification, this would make a nice qualification to have. In other words, I do not trust that, if there is a piece of paper that can be claimed for the few legal proofs which has sufficient and deal with ethical dealings. Yes, if he had a legal or ethical certification it does not prevent someone to act illegally or unethically. Moreover, I want to say that, morality and legal, ethical dealings can depend on the character, which can determine the way legally can someone. 

References,

Byars, S. M., & Stanberry, K. (2019). Business ethics. OpenStax College and Rice University.Retrieved from: https://opentextbc.ca/businessethicsopenstax/


