Learning Journal Unit 4
Please read the case study entitled “Non-Compete Agreements” from the chapter 7 of the Business Ethics textbook.
Based on what you have learned in this unit, answer the following questions:
Other than being punitive, what purpose do non-compete agreements serve when low-level employees are required to sign them?
Suppose an executive chef or vice president of marketing or operations at Jimmy John’s or any large sandwich franchise leaves the firm with knowledge of trade secrets and competitive strategies. Should he or she be compelled to wait a negotiated period of time before working for a competitor? Why or why not?
What is fair to all parties when high-level managers possess unique, sensitive information about their former employer?
Learning Journal Requirements
Submit a written paper that is a minimum of one typewritten page (approximately 500 to 700 words) with an introduction and conclusion. This paper shall demonstrate the use of standard written English with respect to organization, grammar, spelling, composition, sentence structure, punctuation, and construction. The paper should cite sources to support your ideas. Refer to the UoPeople APA Tutorials in the LRC for help with APA citations.


ANSWER:


Another purpose non-compete arguments serve is to act a barrier to protect the company’s sensitive information against competitors by barring employed to not work in any kind of employment similar to their current one for a period of time or with limited perimeters of the business.         

I honestly do not think anyone should be compelled to wait a certain period of time to work with a competitor because opportunities come once in a lifetime, and no company under their ethical standards, should bar anyone from opportunities. Sometimes, competition means growth, if a business does well in something, they should not view others as competitors but as learning curves. For example, if I do business in a certain way, and I do not have a market, I can always look to my neighbor or “competitor” to learn something regardless of the size. Like when a restaurant begins advertising online, I might try that too for my business, even if I do not know how... I can always hire individuals with the necessary skills to promote it, now that is innovative thinking. If not for competition, the service delivery would be a drag in the mud. Each and every business intends to keep clients happy, and so anyone with the skills regardless of where they worked would be granted the opportunity. 

What makes a company what it is, is the individuals that bring up ideas to make something great, so barring any employee would stop this type of growth highly needed by these organizations. And ethically speaking, an employee who would know company secrets should be sincere enough as to not dish them out, but rather use then in a unique way that would not jeopardize the sole company’s unique taste. ·         



The most ethical thing one can do is not to hold on to sensitive information. When I leave a business, I leave everything behind. Sometimes what determines the growth of a company is not only the skills, but the sincerity of the individuals that ever had the chance to work with the business. I mean, biting the hand that put food on the table always comes back around. So, in other words, I would say that the company has the right to file lawsuits against sly individuals. 

References,

Byars, S. M., & Stanberry, K. (2019). Business ethics. OpenStax College and Rice University. Retrieved from: https://opentextbc.ca/businessethicsopenstax/.    