Learning Journal Unit 4
Visit these links to learn about different ways you can help biodiversity:

http://blogs.ei.columbia.edu/2011/04/30/what-you-can-do-to-protect-biodiversity/
Ecolabel Index
What kind of labels are listed here? Why?

How do your consumer (buying) choices affect biodiversity?

Pick one of these methods that you feel would be usable in YOUR city/village/town. How? Explain.

One or two sentences or your own personal reflection on something you learned this week.

How is the class going so far for you?

ANSWER:


1. What kinds of labels are listed here? Why?

Answer: Having gone through the kinds of labels, I observed that they are all very much essential for today’s 21st Century I never really paid much attention to the labels or the variety of the labels. I do have a sadden heart regarding the Rain Forest. I break my heart to hear how much de-forestation takes place everyday. I just wish there was some other way to encourage people not to do this. Additionally, I know there are a lot of organizations like the Rainforest Alliance that are doing all they can to help. We just need people to stay engaged and remain proactive when it comes to this wonderful natural resource that is so important to our planet.

2. How do your consumer (buying) choices affect biodiversity?

Answer: Consumer choices affect biodiversity in the case where consumer becomes too cheap in buying the product from the forest; especially where biodiversity plays a vital role in society. Finally consumers can promote forest protection by buying wood products, if they are made from "certified sustainable wood." Sustainable wood comes from the practice of "sustainable forestry" which ensures that the rate of timber harvest does not exceed the rate of timber growth. Moreover, "sustainable wood" companies promote the long term health and productivity of their forests, wildlife and water quality protection, and lasting community employment. Despite all these potential alternatives to wood products made from unsustainable logging practices, it is difficult to compete against wood. This is because wood is relatively CHEAP. Several reasons explain why the cost of wood remains low. First, despite the substantial reduction of forestland, wood is still treated as a relatively abundant resource. Secondly, the timber industry is subsidized on public lands. Not only are timber companies sold trees off public land at below market value, the government helps finance logging roads.

3. Pick one of these methods that you feel would be usable in YOUR city/village/town. How? Explain.

Answer: one of the methods that would be usable in my city is the use of plastic to be re-used instead of burning it. Furthermore, this is what I can do to protect our biodiversity by being a good and responsible person. I believed in the rural areas they are the ones who takes care of the environment than the people in the urban areas. They are burning garbage such as plastics that can affect our ozone layer. If i were them instead of burning wastes, I will think of recycling it to become more useful. And it can be money for them.

I will encourage them that instead of burning it and leave it behind; there is a lot of ways to become more useful like recycle them. And use it for the best and it can be one of the things on how we can protect our biodiversity.

4. One or two sentences or your own personal reflection on something you learned this week.

Answer: Well, this week- I learned something very wonderful. Firstly, I learned about thetwo broad categories of environmental health risks; namely traditional hazards and modern hazards. Secondly, this week I learned about the four essential pillars of food security; namely-availability, access, utilization and stability. 

5. How is the class going so far for you?

Answer: Seriously speaking, the class is going so informative and educative to me day-by-day. Due to the essential information getting from the class is encouraging me to read more than six to eight hours a day. In conclusion, I am more than encouragement in doingmy M.Sc. degree in Environmental Science.


References,

Big Room Inc.,. (2017). Fairtrade | Ecolabel Index. Ecolabelindex.com. Retrieved 22 February 2017, from http://www.ecolabelindex.com/ecolabel/fairtrade

Cho, R. (2011). What You Can Do to Protect Biodiversity. Blogs.ei.columbia.edu. Retrieved 22 February 2017, from http://blogs.ei.columbia.edu/2011/04/30/what-you-can-do-to-protect-biodiversity

