 Earth is the only planet in our solar system that provides a suitable environment for life as we know it. Sustaining these conditions requires a constant recycling of materials between the living and nonliving components of eco-systems.

Select one of material cycles we studied (water, nitrogen, carbon, sulphur and phosphorus) and identify elements of your lifestyle that impact the cycle.

a.    What are the most considerable impacts you make?
b.    How might it change your life if you were to reduce your impacts? What would you need to give up?
c.    How difficult is to balance personal choices with environmental considerations?

Your answer should be between 700–900 words long and should include introduction and conclusion sections.


ANSWER:

Introduction

The most important for our life is water. Without water we cannot survive on planet earth and humans are depends on water for different domestic activities for example washing cloths or anythings, cooking foods, cleaning house, or any place etc. By generating electrical power and cultivating crops we use water in many Economic purpose. There is only less than 1 percent possibility to get fresh water available. We need to increase the availability of the water more and make the mechanisms to access the groundwater because the supply water in not enough for us to survive. This process of the water cycle is important to circulate among the ocean and the atmosphere and has various states of land. Some water cycle has elements like evaporation, condensation as well as precipitation. This is most important for our life and without water cycle availability, it would be difficult for us. 

What are the most considerable impacts you make?

Firstly, the water cycle can be affected by the human activities straightly or not immediately. The water can be granted and make available and also can collect the free water from rainfall or underground sources and buy any piped water. WE can examine in our life and we can also realize to make affect in the water cycle in different ways which I never think about it. 


The first impact would be utilized of the electricity and In Bangladesh it can generate the electricity from hydro dams. Another main ones is to know about the Kolkata and Dhaka. I had also utilize the electricity in our daily life and it has various reasons. The water cycle and diffusely make an impact and Hydroelectric power can be generated for the energy of the water which can be stored in dams. Dams are known as a wall or structure to built over the lakes or rivers to make hold water and it causes sudden changes to supply water in another area that is not near dam. This also affects the water levels in downstream. IT depends on hydroelectricity and make impacts in the water cycle. 


There is another second impact to make water via abstraction and this community cannot access to pipe water in this moment. The well water can be used and collect the rain water for the domestic activities for our primary sources. The water cycle can also impact on the problem it causes that is required and it can provide by digging well to make harvest into groundwater. We can also be used to make draw the water from wells and we can use in pumping machines and it assists to draw more water from the wells. By the water to get that cannot tire and led the water misuse. This also used to leads to dry up the wells in our dry season and make uses water more than it can get replenished. We can consume indirectly the way to make the effect of the cycle of the food and the irrigation can be used of the water of the farms via the pear to except during the wet of the rainy seasons. It also leads to leaching and depletion of the surface that the water can be used. We can also use the charcoal for the food preparation and it the charcoal comes from the trees and fall into the forests. We need to reduce deforestation in the trees and moreover the trans-evaporation as well as rainfall in the long run. 

How might it change your life if you were to reduce your impacts? What would you need to give up?

We can also notice that the rainfall pattern has been changed dramatically in our last years. We can use drying up again and again. The outcome of our stable dependence on water and it can get better set in basic ways. We can also think about the way we can use hydroelectricity and adopt utilize of solar energy. The source of energy can be used for renewable as the sun and we cannot entirely allowance to use water from wells. In my community water needs to be available in the beginning, we can also reduce the amount of water daily basis for our economically purpose. We can also find a backup source of the fuel to cook foods and kickback the charcoal. 

How difficult is it to balance personal choices with environmental considerations?

The Environmental Considerations is another daunting task to make a balance in our personal choices. Without it we cannot imagine on our ecosystem. This helps to reduce our impacts. 

Conclusion:

Last but not least, we had many choices to eat food, wear clothes, use furniture or energy. Without it making an impact on our environment. This also depends on our ecosystem services. It assists to reduce the effects in our environment and we can make to ensure the sustainability services for our future.

References,

Dorsner, K. (2020). Essentials of Environmental Science.(2nd edition) Retrieved from https://my.uopeople.edu/pluginfile.php/1096416/mod_page/content/8/Essentials%20of%20Environmental%20Science2_Optimized.pdf


