  In the beginning, I am going to explain what I had done this week. First of all, I had to complete the self-quiz and then I had to complete the course evaluation. After that, I had submitted my discussion post assignment and post into the forum. I had worked in a Quiz program and explain each of the concepts of the object-oriented programming methods. Currently, I am taking preparation to complete the review quiz for my final exam. 



 When I was working on the discussion post my reaction was I am working and describing all the object-oriented concepts and trying to paraphrase that explanation. It was a bit tricky to understand that's why I had demonstrated all the concepts and show my own logic of the codes. I had been receiving well feedbacks from my peers in the discussion pots and they had rated me. But I am a bit worried about my previous week's programming assessments which I had submitted. Because my peers give well feedback in my discussion posts but in my programming posts one of my peer-graded me with good marks and rest two of my peers randomly graded me without checking my submission. 



  When I receive a bad grade in my programming submission I felt very bad and worried and I do not get any motivation to get more well works. But in the discussion post when I receive well comment from my peers I feel very happy. As many students also face the same problem, which I am also facing with the programming assignments. From this thing I had to learn how to manage a team conflict which is also a kind of soft skill. Because in a team if we do not have unity with each other and not collaborate with each other in our real life we will face a lack of collaboration skills. We would not get a cultural fit if we do not cooperate with each other. As we are a self-learner and we also need to be good collaborative partners. 



This week's discussion posts questions had surprised me because it was a quite different question than the other weeks. And I also get surprised to see the course evaluation and review quiz. As this course was great for me and our instructor was so helpful as when I face any problems with my instructor was always there for me and my other peers also. Allover I had learned a lot of things in this course and it helps me to know the fundamentals of Java and the object-oriented concepts of Java. This week's discussion posts a bit challenging for me as at first, it was quite hard for me to understand but after study some online resources I had able to complete the assessments. 



I had realized that my programming skills were improving and I can write well Java codes. As a self-taught learner, some assessments were quite hard for me but I had able to complete them all in time. In my opinion, I had gained problem-solving and Java programming skills from this course and it was a great experience for me.



As a result, finally, one important activity for me is collaboration. As computer science students we must not only focus on hard skills only we also need to focus on our soft skills. If we had a great self-reflection on our learning strategy we could able to get a good job in our future. We also must need to focus on collaboration, productivity, time management, communication skills, networking skills, as well as adaptability soft skills. 

