Networks are designed in a number of ways, based on the geographical area, the technology used, user group specific, application-based, etc. But we can roughly categorize the communication networks in 2 broad categories, based on transmission: Connection-Oriented and Connectionless.

Please discuss the two categories. Your comments should include the following:

Point by point comparison of their advantages and disadvantages (at least 3 advantages and 3 disadvantages)
Point by point comparison of the design issues for both
Your preference among the two and a suggestion to resolve any one of its design-related problem.
Paper Guidelines

2-3 pages in length, in your own words, properly cite any outside resources.  Use 1" margins and Times Roman Font, 12-point, or something comparable.   The paper should be well organized with proper grammar and spelling. 

Be sure to properly cite any sources you use using APA format.  You can get some help on APA formatting here: Purdue Online Writing Lab. (n.d.). APA style introduction. Purdue University. https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/apa_style/apa_style_introduction.html

Assessment Criteria

Answers all of the questions posed in the assignment (50%)
Paper Organization (20%)
Vocabulary (10%)
Grammar (10%)
Spelling and Punctuation  (10%)


ANSWER:


                                              University of the People  

                                   CS 2204 - Communications and Networking 

 

                                                                Anonymous Student 

                               Franklin Orellana (Instructor) 

 

1. Point by point comparison of their advantages and disadvantages (at least 3 advantages  

and 3 disadvantages) 

 

ANSWER: 

Here the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP), was known as a connection-oriented protocol moreover, the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) was known as the connection-less protocol in the TCP/IP network architecture. The two mains as well as massively utilized by the protocols which are available in the transport layer inside of the network architecture. 

 

The benefits of Connection-Oriented concluded with Connectionless: 

Here, the connection-oriented TCP network has a warranty to deliver the packets, which is dissimilar connectionless UDP, and it would not be kept by the track of the packets as well as will never take any responsibility. 

By tracking data, it can be able to deliver it in order that, at the time that it can be sent as a consequence, the flow control receiver could be telling the sender that can be either slow down or speed up. 

TCP can be delivered by packets basically, by ordering the number classify on the packets which helps to process on the packets accurately. 

On the point of the connection has already been deep-rooted in TCP, it has been utilized the shorter headers at that moment connection-less protocols accomplished. 

The best option to take advantage of a connection-oriented protocol via transmits a total amount of data due to authenticity of data transmission, moreover, the connectionless protocol has uncertain data transmission. 

 

The benefits of Connectionless protocols concluded with Connection-Oriented: 

Firstly, the connectionless protocols can be backing the broadcast including unicast delivery method. 

Secondly, router failures, connection-oriented protocols such as TCP have been more sensitive than connectionless protocols. Connectionless protocols such as UDP have placed hugely booming alike cases than the connection-oriented protocol. 

By dint of less overhead for originating the connection along with mailing data, connectionless protocols have been recycled for real-time applications such as, streaming as well as voice as a choice video calling. 

 

2. Point by point comparison of the design issues for both. 

The issues has been designed for Connection-Oriented Services: 

The method can be unicast delivered by a certain limited Connection-oriented communication. 

Flow Control: Controlling the flow of data has been particular of the main objections in TCP, for the reason that transmission problems differ as well as teeming the target would be a consequence in losses of data. 

The higher atop take in Connection-oriented communication. 

The larger bandwidth needs Connection-oriented communication. 

 

The issues designed by under Connectionless Services: 

   The data will not be present while it can cause errors at the time of the transmission.   

Real-time delivery: Real-time applications can be utilized because they have some major features for the UDP. It is known as faster delivery of small packets. 

 

3. Your preference among the two and a suggestion to resolve any one of its design related problems. 

My Choice: 

I wish to talk about connection-oriented such as TCP, the reason was reliable data transmission. It could also be recycled by sending a huge amount of data by network. Also, by investigating data transmission it will ensure to stay secure. On the other hand, the Connection-oriented needs to be utilized by addressing the unicast of the deliver by applying SCTP which will be take over from TCP in each of the single stream connection. As a result, the SCTP can be able to keep up with the multiplexed streams. Moreover, by adding the stream aware congestion it would be supportive for SCTP also.  

 

Resources 

https://fossbytes.com/connection-oriented-vs-connection-less-connection/ 

http://mpstudy.com/list-some-advantages-and-disadvantages-of-connection-oriented-internetworking-and-connectionless-internetworking 

 

 

 

 

 


