Dear Critical Thinkers,

Please read the reading materials from Chapter 7 of the Corporate Social Responsibility textbook that you find in the reading assignment.

Based on what you have learned in this unit, answer the following questions:

Does this chapter increase or decrease your motivation to consume organic food products? Explain why.
What is a more important motivation—in your view—for consuming organic food: a) that it is better for your health, or b) that it is better for the environment and for farm workers? Explain.
Let us say that, instead of a hospital as our case study example, we had used the example of a wealthy private school for K–12 students. Would the argument be stronger or weaker for adopting organic food in the cafeteria of the school? Why?


ANSWER:

1. In my opinion, reading this chapter does not affect my personal choice of eating conventional, I will always prefer conventional products over the organic products because of the big difference of the price between the two.

2. A more important motivation for people to eat organic food should be to take care of the soil and prevent it from becoming polluted with pesticides, this is because if humans keep releasing chemicals in the soil, there is going to be a point where it will become infertile and the plants will not grow anymore and it could last for a really long time which can affect future generations.

3. In my opinion I believe that if the school has the budget to afford serving a100% organic meal for their students, they should do it. On the other hand, the case of the hospital mentions that they do not have the budget to make 100% organic meals for everybody because this would push the cost per night for hospitalization above other competitors so I believe they should notdo it.



Reference:

Zikeli S., Rembiałkowska E., Załęcka A., Badowski M. (2014) Organic Farming and Organic Food Quality: Prospects and Limitations. In: Campbell W., López-Ortíz S. (eds)Sustainable Food Production Includes Human and Environmental Health. Issues in Agroecology – Present Status and Future Prospectus, vol 3. Springer, Dordrecht. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-94-007-7454-4_3