Please read the case study entitled “Tucked In, Tucked Out” from the chapter 5 of the Business Ethics textbook. Based on what you have learned in this unit, answer the following questions:

How do you think clothing choices affect the relationships we form at work or in other business situations?
What is your opinion about workplace dress codes, and how far should employers go in setting dress and other behavior standards?
Why are these standards important (or not) from an ethical perspective?
How do you think clothing might affect an international company’s approach to business ethics?
Written Assignment Requirements
Submit a written paper that is a minimum of one typewritten page (approximately 500 to 700 words) with an introduction and conclusion. This paper shall demonstrate the use of standard written English with respect to organization, grammar, spelling, composition, sentence structure, punctuation, and construction. The paper should cite sources to support your ideas. Refer to the UoPeople APA Tutorials in the LRC for help with APA citations.
Written Assignment Peer Assessment
In the unit following the submission of your written assignment, you will peer assess three (3) of your classmates’ assignments according to the instructions found in the Assessment Form. During this peer assessment period, you are expected to provide details in the feedback section of the Assessment Form, indicating why you awarded the grade that you did to your peer. The written assignment grade is comprised of a combination of your submission (90%) and your peer assessments (10%).
Written Assignment Peer Assessment Rubric
For this assignment, your peers will be evaluating your work with the following criteria:

Did the student explain how clothing choices affect the relationships we form at work or in other business situations?
Did the student clearly express his or her opinion about workplace dress codes, and how far should employers go in setting dress and other behavior standards?
Did the student explain why these standards important (or not) from an ethical perspective?
Did the student describe how clothing might affect an international company’s approach to business ethics?
Paper submitted is well constructed using APA format. The paper should be a minimum of one typewritten page (approximately 500 to 700 words) with an introduction and conclusion. This paper shall demonstrate use of standard written English with respect to: organization, grammar, spelling, composition, sentence structure, punctuation, and construction.


ANSWER:

WRITTEN ASSIGNMENT

ETHICS AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES PHIL1404

UNIT 3

University of the People

29 November, 2021

INTRODUCTION:

"Leaving your shirt untucked has become more acceptable in recent years, and the black t-shirt and jeans favored in Silicon Valley are now quite fashionable in some business environments" (Byars & Stanberry, 2019). To me tucking in is very essential. When you tuck in, whether in school or the professional environment it makes you look elephant, clean, sharp and smart.

BODY:

How do you think clothing choices affect the relationships we form at work or inother business situations?:

The type of clothing that we wear is a very powerful tool that may inform relationships formed atwork. The manner your dress and choice of clothing talks more about a person. People may love to get lose to you or avoid you based on your choice of clothing. I remember in my early years that I worked with my community hospital as a Laboratory Assistant, almost every worker in the facility I encounter in some way looked down upon me. I never understood it until one or two occasions I met some workers mocking and talking illy about the choices of my clothes which makes me unprofessional, and how bad they feel when I get closer to them. Upon learning about this I started dressing decently with my laboratory coat on when ever I am at work. Sincerely speaking now almost everybody in my workplace is a friend and loves to get to me than my othercolleagues when they are visiting the laboratory for medical examination.

What is your opinion about workplace dress codes, and how far should employers go in setting dress and other behavior standards?

"Although today people would disagree with the old adage that “clothes make the man,” yet studies show that well-dressed employees are held in higher esteem than those who dressdown" (Byars & Stanberry, 2019). Considering the movie industry the dress codes that actors puts on makes them feel more like the character they play in a project (Louis, 2017).Putting on "the rightclothes bring the performances up to a whole new level and transform the actor into the character" (Louis, 2017).Employers must set specific dress codes and behavior standards for employees to suite their role and make it compulsory to adhere to those dress code and behaviors. Clothes tells a story about an individual, whether their work is clean or sharp (Louis, 2017). "Even the way you wear your glasses speaks volumes about you and your work!" (Louis, 2017).

Why are these standards important (or not) from an ethical perspective?

The standard of clothing may impact an individuals thinking ability (Louis, 2017). It's is important in the sense that it makes an individual feel confidence and a sense of self- empowerment (Louis, 2017). Research have shown that dressing professionally, increases and individuals ability to think abstractly and gives them a broader perspective (Louis, 2017). For example, wearing uniforms and Lab coats can make people more conscious of their duties and encourage them to pay more attention to their duty. Wearing lab coat in the school laboratory during an experiment encourages students to pay more attention and make fewer mistakes, since lab coats represent serious and attentive professions like scientists and doctors


How do you think clothing might affect an international company’s approach to business ethics?

Clothing of employees have a great influence on the culture of the company. Dressing codes in international businesses allows people to express themselves, which helps to elevate creative thinking. When people are more creative and comfortable, they’re happier, adhere to good ethicalstandards freely, which in turn results in their work being of higher quality. Being happy at the workplace ensures a better office dynamics and workplace collaboration. Standardisation of international company's dress code reinforces employees to adhere to organisational values. For instance wearing Toyota company's employees professional attire/uniform will enforce a sense ofattending to customers per the company's standards of customer care compared to not wearing the company's uniform.



CONCLUSION

No matter your belief about dressing, whether you like tucking in or out, or whether dressing professionally is best or not. Dressing code and how you present yourself really communicate volumes about you as a person.


REFERENCE

Byars, S. M., & Stanberry, K. (2019). Business ethics. OpenStax College and Rice University. Retrieved from: https://opentextbc.ca/businessethicsopenstax/chapter/the- influence-of-geography-and-religion/

Louis, M. (2017). Research Shows That the Clothes You Wear Actually Change the Way You Perform: Here are some good reasons to always "dress the part." Retrieved from: