Using the worksheet below to complete a personal SWOT analysis.    When you’ve finished filling in the table, include a paragraph reflection on each of the four areas articulating what you’ve learned about yourself in this area.  Finally,  include an overall reflection on how you might use this information going forward.

SWOT Analysis Worksheet 

You should consider choosing a particular issue in your life that you are working on or finding difficulty with (career, relationship, finances, etc.) as this will give the analysis focus and intent.

Before you begin you may want to reread the information provided in the reading assignments about performing a personal SWOT analysis. 

Read: Personal SWOT Analysis: Making the Most of Your Talents and Opportunities

Remember, that the SWOT is going to be as effective as the time and effort you put into it. 

Next unit you will discuss, with the class, your findings and post some action step you will take based on your analysis.

 The writing assignment will be assessed using the following criteria:

Assignment includes a complete SWOT Analysis with evidence of self-reflection
Assignment includes self- reflection of each part of the SWOT analysis
Assignment includes an overall assessment of the analysis with self-reflection
Assignment includes ‘moving forward’ steps with self-reflection
Mind Tools Content Team. (n.d.). Personal SWOT analysis. MindTools. https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newTMC_05_1.htm

Worksheet: SWOT Analysis. (2006-2019). MindTools. https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newTMC_05.htm?download=1


ANSWER:


 
PSYC 1205 - Emotional Intelligence 
Course Instructor: Tiffany Millacci 
 
University of the People 
SWOT Analysis
Strengths 
What do you do well? 
What sources are you able to draw on?
What do others see as your strengths?
Weaknesses 
What ought to you improve? 
Where do you've got fewer sources 
than others? 
What are others probably to peer as 
weaknesses?
I do properly as a glad open-minded 
man or woman who's obsessed with life, 
and I like to revel in an awesome 
challenged. The particular sources that I 
can draw from are my eagerness to 
compete and my willpower to finish all 
my duties as quickly as possible. Others 
have observed a lot of my strengths 
inclusive of being confident, reliable, 
grateful, and consistent.
I can enhance myself via way of 
means of being extra aware and 
thoughtful approximately different 
people`s feelings. I am the sort of man 
or woman who tends to be very 
sincere and easy however now no 
longer very careful with my words. 
The vicinity wherein I own fewer 
sources than others is about having 
assist structure. There are common 
conditions whilst an emergency takes 
place and I discover myself in want of 
greater help however I haven't anyone 
around to assist me at all. Others are 
probable to view my weaknesses as 
being too vicious and now no longer 
owning the proper enjoy to cautiously 
technique judgment and comments 
with patience.
Opportunities 
What possibilities are open to you? 
What tendencies ought to you are taking 
benefit of? 
How can you switch your strengths into 
possibilities?
Threats 
What threats ought to damage you? 
What is your opposition doing? 
What threats do your weaknesses 
reveal you to?
The possibilities presently open to me at 
the prevailing second are the time to 
create greater employment possibilities 
for myself via better schooling and the 
attention to recognize whilst to useful 
resource a peer in want of help. The 
traits that I can take benefit of include 
my ardor and willpower towards my 
enterprise about business trends for you 
to assure that we continue to be updated 
inside the market. I have created greater 
possibilities with my strengths with the 
aid of using being a straightforward and 
respectful employee. My coworkers and 
employers have furnished me with 
superb commendations to affect at some 
stage in destiny paintings possibilities.
The important threat that would 
damage me might be opposition 
withinside the place of business. I 
have had more than one coworker 
slander and besmirch me if you want 
to be in higher status for a probable 
advertising opportunity. My 
opposition is presently looking to 
construct robust networking 
potentialities and trying to make me 
appear terrible to take my job. Not 
understanding whilst to preserve to me 
places me in a quandary due to the fact 
I generally tend to name everybody 
out immediately if they did something 
incorrect and did now no longer deal 
with it in an expert manner. This 
occasionally makes humans 
disenchanted at me due to the fact they 
trust I am judging or making a laugh 
of them.
What I have found out from reading my Strengths:
When I examine my strengths, I examine that I own positive blessings that different people do 
now no longer own. Some of those strengths consist of interest in detail, the capacity to train my 
friends, and my strength of mind to prevail over any impediment which can be offered to me. 
There are unique regions wherein I agree that I own a bonus over my friends due to the fact 
maximum human beings aren't organized to depart their consolation area if you want to 
accomplish their responsibilities.
. 
What I have found out from reading my Weaknesses:
When reading my weaknesses, I found out that there are obligations which I even have avoided 
or have procrastinated so I in no way were given round to finishing them. I try and postpone 
trouble if I do now no longer own the vital time or if I experience as I do now no longer own 
enough enjoy finishing it.
What I have discovered from reading my Opportunities:
While reading my possibilities I even have discovered that I own the capability to have a look at 
my required productiveness for any new facts or era which can be reachable to help in inspiring 
boom in my accountability. When one in all my coworkers is on go away, I tackle their 
obligations as it gives me with the danger to advantage greater understanding in a distinctive 
branch and a comprehension of what's essential from the branch.
What I have discovered from studying my Threats:
When studying my threats, I found out that I do generally encounter limitations that require 
thorough interest and I do generally tend to encounter as a median man or woman while human 
beings first get to recognize me. This may be provoking to human beings and finally results in 
many burnt bridges. On the alternative hand if each person absolutely speaks to me and takes 
their time to get to recognize me then they'll understand that I own a sturdy opinion and that I am 
a completely assured person who isn't always afraid of expressing himself in any way.
What have I discovered from doing this analysis? (Include a self-mirrored image that 
suggests you've got discovered something from the assignment.)
The evaluation supplied me with the possibility to become aware of my threats and weaknesses. 
This offers me the understanding essential to become aware of destiny threats and motivates me 
to control my weaknesses in order that I might also additionally evolve and examine from my 
bad experiences. I even have additionally discovered that with the aid of using being constant 
and using the SWOT evaluation I can screen numerous new opportunities. The maximum vital 
detail that the SWOT evaluation has uncovered is to understand each weakness, strength, chance, 
and possibility in one-of-a-kind views to make dreams greater attainable.
How I may use these facts going forward? (Include self-mirrored image that suggests 
you've got found out something from the assignment.)
These records could be beneficial going ahead as it has made me aware of my weaknesses, 
strengths, threats, and possibilities. The fabric of SWOT evaluation generates new possibilities to 
transport beforehand together along with your strengths and possibilities. Removing one`s threats 
and weaknesses can provide a character with the potential to enjoy the new possibilities that your 
place of business might also additionally offer. Once a character comprehends the SWOT 
evaluation, that individual is ready other than their competition and may efficaciously compete in 
today`s market.





