The Learning Journal is a place where you can reflect on your learning throughout the course. There will also be assigned tasks to complete in your Learning Journal, for example, compiling vocabulary lists of unfamiliar words in required readings, summarizing articles, and engaging in self-reflection on assignments.


The Learning Journal comprises 10% of your Final Grade. You will be assessed on the consistency with which you update the journal, the quality of your self-reflection, and whether you complete assigned tasks. For this reason, it is necessary that you date each entry and use clear titles and sub-headings. Note that only you and your instructor will have access to the Learning Journal.


ANSWER:
 In the beginning, the self-regulated learning strategy is the main component is the improvements of the good marks in academic achievements. Now I am going to write a reflective learning journal about my third semester of the first week for this course what I am learning in this week Exceptions, the switch statement, Analysis of Algorithms. Writing a learning journal is also the most important way to improve the writing skills. In my first assignment by writing a reflective learning journal is the most important way to help with the topics. Now I am going to write about my experience while completing the unit 1 assignment. There were eight sections to study, which we're learning guide, programming assignments, discussion posts, learning journal, self-quiz, lab 1 and 2, code. I had to complete the self-quiz at first on 28 January. There I had complete 7 multiple choices, and I got 9.52 out of 10.00 but these marks will not add to the final grades it was just for practice.  On 1st February I had to complete the discussion posts and submit my works. On 2nd February I had submitted my programming assignments. At last, I am writing the learning journal. In the discussion forum, I had illustrated the responsible for catching the handling exceptions for the computer and computer program, where I had detailed the examples but my instructor suggested I had to include the APA reference also. Many of my peers also commented on my post and gave their own reviews of my work. Next, I had worked in advanced Java which was the benchmarking sorting algorithms from Lab 2 of this unit. I had included the two benchmarking sorting algorithms.java file where I had detailed the class and main methods in the exceptions, the switch statement, analysis of algorithms. 



 In my second point of view, while completing the tasks for the assignments at first I had faced some unfamiliar words and vocabulary as this was the first assignment of these courses and I had to try and research a lot from the internet sources and then I had able to understand then I wrote then by summarizing the articles and engaging main concepts in my articles. 



  As a result, by maintaining the quality of the self-reflection I had to complete all the tasks as requirements wise. By researching the bidirectional relationship in metacognition and goal orientation it helps me to become more confident to write by myself and try to improve my problem-solving skills. 



References,

Verhoeff, N. (2012). Self-Reflection. In Mobile Screens: The Visual Regime of Navigation (pp. 51-72). Amsterdam: Amsterdam University Press. doi:10.2307/j.ctt46mtwb.7

