
Using the relations created for Programming Assignment in Unit 1, create an E-R diagram that shows the entities, attributes, and relations of the hospital software system. 

Utilize a graphics tool or Database Modeler tool to create an E-R diagram. A free tool that can be used is DIA, which is available at http://dia-installer.de/download/index.html.en. You can also use any tool that can produce a standard E-R diagram. Your tool must be capable of displaying the standard format of entities and relationships as illustrated in the Pedersen, A. A. (n. d.) in Figure 1.

 Example E-R diagram. Reprinted from Entity Relationship Modeling – Principles  (p. 24) by A. A. Pedersen, n. d.

Figure 1: Example E-R diagram. Reprinted from Entity Relationship Modeling – Principles  (p. 24) by A. A. Pedersen, n. d.  

Some valid tools include DBModeler, Microsoft Visio, PowerPoint, OpenOffice Draw, OpenOffice Impress.  Whichever tool you use you must be able to copy your results into a Word document for your final submission. 

If you use either OpenOffice Draw or Impress you will need to get arrows’ for your connecting lines that have the standard ‘crows’ foot notation used in E-R diagrams.

In the hospital, there is a reporting relationship between the head doctor and other doctors that report to the head doctor. This is known as a Unary relationship. You must be able to both describe and model this relationship within your relation and within your Entity Relationship diagram.

Your assignment must include the following:

An Entity Relationship (E-R) diagram that defines the following relations and the relationships between them:
Doctor 
Patient
Appointment

Each entity must include appropriate attributes and primary keys

Each relationship must be labeled with the cardinality of the relationship

The unary relationship must be described 
Be sure to copy images and paste them directly into your document. It would be recommended that you document your relations in the manner used in the example assignment provided in this unit. 



ANSWER: NOTE:  Description of my e-r diagram which I had use this tolls: https://www.diagrameditor.com/ to create my diagram.

Here, if my peers he can check that all of the primary key I had identified was used attributes for the bold interface and the supervisor is also a doctor who supervise he should have a valid DOCTOR ID to unary the relationship among them. Also the dashed vs solid lines was for the E-R diagram.