Reflection Topic: Learning Styles 
Determining your learning style can be both beneficial and fun.  Go to the VARK website and learn about the four major learning styles: Visual, Aural (Auditory), Read/Write and Kinesthetic.  Then take the VARK Questionnaire. Once you know your style(s) read about the different learning strategies here:

Visual Strategies
Aural Strategies
Read/Write Strategies
Kinesthetic Strategies
Once you have completed the readings, answer these questions: 

Was this your first time taking this type of inventory? If no, did your results change from the last time? If so, did your learning style results surprise you?
Now that you have identified your learning style, how will you apply this knowledge to your studying?
Reflect on the studying strategies you have used previously. Have your study habits been effective? Why or why not? What studying strategies from this week do you think will be helpful?
Be sure that your Learning Journal entry is a minimum of 400 words.

APA Exercise
Every week in your learning journal for Online Education Strategies, you will practice APA format. For the past 4 weeks, we have practiced how to cite and reference different kinds materials – books, articles, website, and videos. While there are other kinds of materials that can be cited and referenced, most will be very similar to what you have already learned.

Last week, we started focusing on how to correctly quote and how to correctly paraphrase. This week, we will continue this work. Go back to the e-book you found for our Week 1 APA exercise. Then, complete the following exercise:

What was the full reference for the e-book you found for the Week 1 APA exercise? (If your instructor gave you feedback on how to correct your reference, be sure to write the correct reference this week).
What was the in-text citation for the e-book you found for the Week 1 APA exercise? (If your instructor gave you feedback on how to correct your citation, be sure to write the correct citation this week).
Find a paragraph in your e-book, and copy and paste it here.
Select a section from #3, and using the APA rule for short quotations, put the section in quotation marks while adding an APA in-text citation at the end.
Re-read the section from #3, and re-write it in your own words while adding an APA in-text citation at the end. (This is called paraphrasing).



ANSWER:
   
   
   
   
        Absolutely, in my view, this is the first time I am taking this type of inventory but my reading the VARK website and questionnaire I had learned four different learning styles which result really surprise me. By learning these strategies probably had to help me the importance of the educational role as this was actually my first time experience. Every student is different and certainly there learning styles also should be different. For example, if I want to present my assessment I might use an easy learning method and format to submit my work to the instructor, on the other hand, one of my peers present his work in a difficult format. In these four different learning styles, we could observe engaging different types of student learning methods as a self-learner. 



      Secondly, I had a visual learning strategy style and I would like to apply this knowledge to my study. This learning format presents my method into a graphic depiction of meaning symbols which are demonstrated as a visual learner and this is the best way to internalize and synthesize the learning path. For example, I want to present my assessment using the best information process. In this case, I could use summarizing the charts and diagrams in my assessments and also use some valuable information about diagrams. This is a very effective way to become a visual learner. Using good diagrams, graphs, maps, and interesting layouts or plans are very important ways to learn. This learning style would help me to become more holistic because by planning or drawing my whole assessment or work could give me enough time to organize my work. This strategy would help me gain leadership in learning soft skills. This method actually emerged on the chart, plan, or diagram by learning the overall process. Also, providing great feedback or review on graphs or charts is also a great learning method that showcases great outcomes. 

    Actually, I used the read/write strategy previously and these habits were not that effective to me. In this week's visual learning style, I think we're very helpful to me. Because this method was the traditional way to learn and nowadays it does not exist in real life.  But, this strategy also helps me in many ways to gain taking notes, printing texts, and hangouts in my screens. This strategy also helped me learn to rewrite and paraphrase my own thoughts and ideas and helps me to present my information to others by ordering things with categories and schemas. This also helped me to learn leadership as well by presenting a bullet-point listing of actions as well as a full description of outcomes. 



APA Exercise: 

                         
  A K-6 Computational Thinking Curriculum Framework: Implications for Teacher Knowledge

 Charoula Angeli, Joke Voogt, Andrew Fluck, Mary Webb, Margaret Cox, Joyce Malyn-Smith and Jason Zagami

 Source: Journal of Educational Technology & Society , Vol. 19, No. 3 (July 2016), pp. 47-57

 Stable URL: https://www.jstor.org/stable/jeductechsoci.19.3.47

References,

Charoula Angeli, Joke Voogt, Andrew Fluck, Mary Webb, Margaret Cox, Joyce Malyn-Smith, & Jason Zagami. (2016). A K-6 Computational Thinking Curriculum Framework: Implications for Teacher Knowledge. Journal of Educational Technology & Society, 19(3), 47-57. Retrieved October 12, 2020, from http://www.jstor.org/stable/jeductechsoci.19.3.47



Introduction

In a world in which digital technology plays an important role in carrying out essential daily-life tasks, it is imperative individuals have the education, knowledge, and skills to critically understand the technological systems they use, as well as to be able to troubleshoot and problem solve when things go wrong (Wing, 2006; Czerkawski, 2015; National Research Council, 2010). 

Abstract

  There were many competitive challenges when educational institutes for example separate schools want to add computer science subjects (K-6 curriculum), said the author. He also added that by applying an immediate application could also help students to learn the basics of computer terms.  Not only student can develop their knowledge but also they could able gain technological challenges for the 21st century. These ideas could also be broadened a student to think computational in their curriculum, said by Wing, (2006).



This content published in July 2016.

   