Learning Journal Instructions
Why do it?

Maintaining a journal serves several purposes:

1. A means of communication, conversation (e.g., between material and yourself, yourself and instructors).

2. Provides regular feedback between you and the instructors and helps to match expectations.

3. Platform for synthesis of knowledge and ideas

4. Help develop critical thinking

5. Helps to elicit topics of interest, challenging topics that need improvement, etc.

What to write?

First write a brief summary of the contents of a lecture, lab activity, group discussion or reading material. Then reflect upon these activities. Record your own thoughts, ideas, responses and reactions to any of the above activities. Make notes about concepts, questions you have, and any confusion that may arise. Use the journal to explore possible solutions to problems being raised in class or alternative activities to the ones presented in class. Record new insights and problem solving strategies realized during discussions with fellow students and instructors. The journal reflects your own thoughts and ideas. Be as original and critical (constructive) as you can. 

Some additional ideas:

Describe any feedback you received or any specific interactions you had.

Discuss how they were helpful Describe your feelings and attitudes What surprised me or caused me to wonder?

What happened that felt particularly challenging? Why was it challenging to me?

What skills and knowledge do I recognize that I am gaining?

What am I realizing about myself as a learner?

In what ways am I able to apply the ideas and concepts gained to my own experience?

What not to do:

Do not copy and paste any material from the discussion forum, your own assignment, or any other source.  The entries in the journal must be your own words. 

When do I use the journal?

You are expected to use the journal for each week of the course.

How will it be graded?

Each weekly journal must be at least 300 words long.  Please use proper grammar and keep your writing on the class topic.  Deductions from a full credit on this assignment would be taken if you copy and paste content.  As long as you write down your own reflection about the learning activities, deductions will not be taken.  You will receive a single grade for each week and the grades will count toward your final grade in the course.


ANSWER:



Name : 



In the beginning, I am going to discuss about how I had maintain a journal for various reasons. Well, this week the instructors suggest us to learn unit 6 XML chapter where the course learning materials was in the learning guide. I had receive my last week learning journal feedback from my instructors and my instructor suggest me to write my learning journal in individual paragraphs. Receiving feedbacks helps me to gain knowledge and ideas of writing strategy. It also help to develop my critical thinking which is a kind of soft skills. When we face any types of challenging topics to complete as a assignment we can improve our learning knowledge. 



In my second point of the view, this week at first I had complete the self quiz and then I had move into programming assignment. Here we need to create a file and there was four exercises to complete and write exercise 4 answers in a xml file. So our instructor suggest us to write about xml which I has study from online w3schools online resources platform. Next I had submitted my work and waiting for my next week peer assessment review. The I had started working on discussion posts where I need to discuss about the AJAX definitions and features and benefits. So after writing my discussion posts I had submit my work and started reviewing my peers works. My peer has discussion many different ways and there work was amazing and in detailed. Next I had review my last week programming assessment peers works and graded them besides this, why I had grade my peer I had describe them in detailed. 



In my third point of the view, when I had receive my peers feedbacks it encourage me to work more hard and perfectly. Working and completing the university assessment perfectly is kind of a challenging for all students in time.  Means we can say this time management and it is very important soft skills for a self learner student. I had realize while I am learning and studying in a inline university classes. The strategy also helping me to gain soft skills knowledge.  As a result, this strategy I could apply in my future life in work experience. 





