Learning Journal Unit 5
As you consider what you’ve learned about pain and stress this week, write about one theory you found especially interesting (either from the textbook or one of the articles). Include examples of how this theory could be applied to potentially improve your health or to help someone in your family or circle of friends. Also, include ideas about how this theory could potentially be applied to improve health at the community level.  

The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources.


ANSWER:



To start with, I will be afflicted by intense menstrual cramps and pains each month. If I imagaine the pain could be measured into nine on a scale of one to 10. Remember which you want to experience this shape of ache each month. That`s a good deal worse. Over the years, I actually have even located extra tactics to treat aches. I discovered lots approximately ache this week, however, I can not neglect that Melzak and Walls Gate manipulated ache thoughts in a completely thrilling manner and related them properly to my dwelling conditions. The concept taught me that ache is tormented by positive factors, no longer the most effective physiological but additionally psychosocial. The gate manages the concept of pain decided the effect of psychology on pain notion and made it smooth that pain notion can be very an entire lot complex (Ogden, 2019). The concept integrates the intellectual concept into the traditional biomedical pain model, considering how thoughts and emotions affect the experience of pain (Ogden, 2019). According to the concept, small nerve fibers referred to as pain receptors and large nerve fibers referred to as regular receptors meet on a projection that ends withinside the thoughts. When a stimulus is present, the interplay of these connections involves a choice at the same time as pain stimuli reap the thoughts moreover referred to as starting off the gate. Over cutting-edge years the gate manages the concept of pain has been elaborated upon via focusing on the feature of having to know, emotions, cognitions, and behavior (Ogden, 2019).

After reading this concept, I locate it very helpful, consisting of even as supporting to cope with ache. This concept taught me that the usage of a cognitive distraction gadget can substantially assist divert my hobby from ache. Pain wishes the belief to be dealt with well so that you can open a small gate after doing different matters and after preventing the ache. This will make your sense much less painful to understand. From the emotional gadget, I have located that terrible feelings can beautify the ache you sense. That`s why it is very vital now to live nice and prevent feeling depressed even as you are in ache. Now, I assume the manner to keep away from ache is to assist divert the ache with the aid of using being surrounded with the aid of using a circle of buddies and loved ones when you sense it.

Pain gate manipulates the idea may be used to expand health on the community degree as a method of introducing acupuncture. This is completed with the aid of using a high-quality again needle that turns on ache fibers designed to shut the ache gate (William, 2017). Listening to songs is likewise a tremendous manner to alleviate aches. Music is used as a recuperation device that lets in the coronary heart to sign the spinal wire adjoining to the gate of ache even as minimizing the sign of ache to the coronary heart. Relaxation with rubbing allows relieve anxiety and stress, and as a result, relieve ache.

Reference,

Ogden, J. (2019). Unit 5: Being Ill and the Experience of Stress and Pain. In the Psychology of Health   and   Illness:   An   Open   Access   Course.   Retrieved   from https://my.uopeople.edu/pluginfile.php/927559/mod_page/content/7/Ogden%20-%20The%20psychology%20of%20health%20and%20illness_2019.pdf

