Learning Journal Unit 8
Prepare a copy of your final research paper. You should already have all of the components except the conclusion which you will have to add on to your paper. Your instructor will grade the paper.

If you need help making a continuous research paper from the pieces you assembled during the semester, then please refer to the Unit 8 notes for guidance.


ANSWER:


Online Education - changing the world one step at a time' 

University of the People 


Abstract:

The world is rapidly changing, and the way that students are learning is evolving on a continuous basis with online education replacing the traditional, in class face-to-face format. This change has been expedited due to the current pandemic; however, the improvement in technology over the last 10 years has played a significant part in addition to the number and quality of institutions now offering online courses, not to mention the benefits associated with an online education. Based on current trends, it is likely that the popularity of online courses will continue to increase and accelerate in the future. The importance of the internet and distance learning is a vital aspect of any country's higher education system, and that the wider benefits of an online education is clear, however, there are also some negative connotations associated with online education including the quality of courses, social isolation, limited feedback from online students, lack of interaction with fellow students and limited collaborative learning. The study examines some of the reasons why individuals would consider furthering their education and the challenges they face. The information has been collected through a focused questionnaire, and together with other data analysed to drive the outcome results. The study found that there are key considerations why individuals would want to further their education, online including accreditation, cost. benefit and affordability.

Keywords: online education, technology, quality, benefits, challenges, outcome


Online education, love it or hate it, it's here to stay - educators in general have approached the idea of learning online or the concept of an online education with an element of scepticism and concern but also with enthusiasm over the last 5 - 10 years, especially as technology has developed. There are clearly benefits to learning online and an online education versus the traditional form of education and by that I mean going to a physical classroom to be educated. It is important for you as an individual to consider not only the benefits but also the drawbacks of an online education and by doing so you should be better prepared and equipped to face the challenges it may bring. Historically, one of the main criticisms of an online education has been centered around the lack of accreditation of a number of these institutions that operated within the online learning space. We all have read at some point in time the horror stories of these so called universities and colleges who used some of the funds raised fraudulently to fund terrorist activities and groups around the world. Let's not forget the 'lifestyle degrees' being offered by non regulated or accredited institutions but as the need for more flexible, cost effective and accredited forms of education has developed there has been a significant improvement in the quality of online education and tertiary education which offers students accredited, value for money and overall good quality education that can help them achieve their own personal goals and objectives. Furthermore, it still requires a degree of self reliance, especially given that an online education requires commitment and discipline.


As part of the research paper, I completed a ten-question questionnaire completed by ten people aged between 18 to 46+ years of age, all randomly selected to provide transparency with none of the individuals known to each other utilizing the quantitative methodology. By undertaking this study, the majority of the participants as detailed within the section 'Questionnaire & participants' answers' considered the two key drivers of furthering their education as being; earning more money (60%) and gaining new skills (30%), when considering their personal circumstances 80% were either working part-time working or full-time students with only 10% currently not employed. The largest age group of participants were in the 26 - 45 age range comprising 40% between 26 - 35 and 20% between 36 - 46.Furthermore, accreditation of an online institution, whether that be a college or university, is important to70% of the participants, and that costs/fees plus accreditation are also key to their consideration of which online college/university to join. Of the numbers surveyed, 80% could afford to pay between $2,000 -$5,000 dollars per year towards college/university with the largest proportion able only to afford $2,000 per year. Again, the largest percentage of participants (80%) felt that if they studied through an online college/university they would improve their career prospects in the longer-term. The number of hours most surveyed could allocate towards their online studies was 10 hours, with the second highest being 15hours. All of the participants indicated that they have access to a laptop/device and the internet, but 30% share their devices with others. Finally, the two key ways participants felt they learned were visually and reading/writing with audio & personal experience representing only 10% each. 


The results showed that across the age and employment range there are some clear aspects that are important to individuals when they are considering furthering their education. Key considerations include accreditation of the course and the college/university, costs involved and fees payable, and lastly, how much they can afford to pay each year. Additionally, the majority felt that they could only allocate a set number of hours up to a maximum of 15 hours a week towards their studies and that all of the individuals surveyed had access to a laptop or device to support their studies. Lastly, earning more money and learning new skills are fundamental to them studying. Overall, there are many students around the world, including myself, that at a push could have gone to a traditional college or university, but thanks to the UoPeople who through the use of technology has provided me, like so many, with affordable, flexible, and quality online education. They have made high-quality education accessible through the use of technology and ultimately electronic learning will help many people throughout the world obtain high-quality, affordable degrees. My view is that the strategic partnerships formed by the UoPeople, in addition to the knowledgeable and experienced educators who work with the university, have cemented its position at the top of affordable, quality, and flexible online universities. Furthermore, there are also significant library resources available to all students that are free, and let's not forget, it has taken more than 10 years for the university to become financially viable. 


Conclusion:

To wrap up, UoPeople is a fully accredited online institution utilizing open-source coursework and peer-to-peer learning processes to deliver affordable and flexible courses without charging exorbitant university fees. Additionally, it offers partial and full scholarships to those that are unable to pay or from poor backgrounds. Even though there is no physical classroom, there is still an expectation that students are in class,  participating in group discussions, and contributing to the education of fellow students.


References: 

University of Illinois. (n.d.). Online Education. Retrieved from https://www.uis.edu/ion/resources/tutorials/online-education-overview/strengths-and-weaknesses/


Rasmussen University. (n.d.). What is a thesis statement?. Retrieved from https://rasmussen.libanswers.com/faq/32467


Southern New Hampshire University. (2017). Top 10 Reasons Why College is Important. Retrieved from https://www.snhu.edu/about-us/newsroom/2017/08/why-is-college-important#:~:text=College%20is%20important%20for%20many,success%20outside%20of%20the%20workplace.&text=With%20more%20and%20more%20occupations,your%20success%20in%20today's%20workforc. 


Catone, J. (2009). In the Future, the Cost of Education Will Be Zero. Retrieved from https://mashable.com/2009/07/24/education-social-media/. 

Clark, K. (2009). Online Education Offers Access and Affordability. Retrieved from https://www.usnews.com/education/online-education/articles/2009/04/02/online-education-offers-access-and-affordability. 


Koperniak, S. (2019). Making high-quality education accessible to all. Retrieved from http://news.mit.edu/2019/making-high-quality-education-accessible-to-all-0715



