Learning Journal Unit 5
Review all the comments in the Discussion Forum.  Reflect upon the theories of emotions as your reference and answer the following:

Were there similarities between the topics?  Were there similarities and differences in the ways students responded to each topic?  How did you feel about the discussions and comments about sexual orientation and late adulthood?  Please let your instructor know immediately (by separate email) if you feel that you need support for any disturbing emotions you may be feeling at this time.

The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources. 


ANSWER:


Emotion is a complex state of feeling that evolves in physical or psychological changes thatinfluence   behavior   and   thought.   Emotionality   is   connected   with   a   range   of   psychologicalexperiences which include personality, temperament, mood, and motivation. Emotions can exertan   unusually   strong   force   on   human   behavior   which   causes   us   to   either   take   actions   thatordinarily  we  might   not  perform   or to   keep away  from  situations we   enjoy.  And the   majortheories   of   emotion   have   been   grouped   into   three   main   categories   which   can   either   bephysiological, neurological, or cognitive. (Cherry, 2020).

Yes, there were similarities between sexual orientation and late adulthood because as we getolder Closeness and intimate relationships become increasingly important in our lives. To manypeople, intimacy and romance are meant only for the young ones. Most of the time we forget thatour elders could also have the desire to participate in a romantic, intimate, or sexual relationship,but truth be told, at all age level we need a relationship that us provide support, companionship,warmth, acceptance, respect, human touch, or someone to share in our daily activities with. Anarticle on the senior spectrum demonstrated that research has shown that intimacy in the lateadulthood was very powerful for a higher quality of life, even more than younger or middle-agedadults (Weiss, 2019). But instead, our society views the elders as sexless and unromantic.

I observe some similarities in my response with my fellow other Nigerians these is because weshare   the   same   ideological   belief   about   the   sexual   orientation   which   is   different   from   ourclassmates who happens to come from different cultural background spread around the world.For me, being able to have a view of how my classmates respond to this important but alsodelicate matter has been the hallmark of the course and it has further help me to develop myinterest in psychology.

I   feel  very  comfortable   about  the  discussions  and  comments  on   sexual  orientation  and   lateadulthood because these are a very important issue that we don’t always have the opportunity todiscuss but are fundamental to our existence. Discussing issues like help to open up mind ourminds to accept people base on their choice of life which in turn adds purpose and meaning toour lives.

References,

Cherry,   K.   (2020,   June   29).   Overview  of  the   6   major   theories  of   emotion.   Retrieved   fromhttps://www.verywellmind.com/theories-of-emotion-2795717#citation-8

Weiss,   L.   (2019,   February   3).   Intimate   and   romantic   relations   as   we   age.   Retrieved   fromhttps://seniorspectrumnewspapers.com/intimate-and-romantic-relations-as-we-age/

