You have read a piece of Comedy for this unit. For this experiment in analysis, you are to write a 3-4 paragraph diary entry for one of the characters in the story you’ve read this week.  It should be on any day that is NOT listed in the story. For example, if the main character stole a horse in the story, you can write about what YOU think the character does on the other days of his life.

A great way to start would be, “Dear Diary” and then just tell what you think that person would write in his or her diary. You should use a lot of thought for this, but also have fun with it.

ANSWER:

ENGL 1405 - World Literature

University of the People

Katherine Burton (Instructor) 

Story Name: “The Nose”

Story Written By: Nikolai Vasilievich Gogol 

Hello, dear diary this is Islam as you know already, today I am going to write about my experience what I face yesterday is happen the same thing to me again today. Many years had passed but still, I am the same Ivan Yakovlevitch and nothing has changed in my life. When I wake up every morning, I drink tea because, as you know, I dislike coffee. Then I have my breakfast with some healthy fresh fruits, as I started arguing with my wife again hence he left home quickly. When I am working in a barbershop, I left my house and the battle together along with her and the argument with him makes me sense bored, so I went to the barbershop as my process is at a barbershop. Furthermore, I was in a hurry because I had been already late today and I start walking quickly so that I can reach at barbershop immediately. While walking quickly I got tired and I stop walking quickly and start walking a little bit slowly and calmly and when I was breathing I feel coldish air in Saint Peterburg. Little while I stopped walking and take a bit of rest near Neva's shore as well as I start looking at a grey horizon and the whole city was daunting. My job then added myself to work and I commenced running that day maximum of my customers have been quite bossy that day. In addition, I trust that a number of them are higher in specific fields than I am. The cause I care approximately it and why I must now no longer care approximately it are each question I'm asking myself. As a person who lives her existence in her way, I am now no longer that character who has competitive behaviour. What is more, I do not feel that much proud of my achievements but still I always never feel discomfort with my actions. When I finished my job I determined to visit any nearest local bar and restaurant to have some drinks and food and spend some quality time talking with people at the bar. One of the matters I like approximately my diary is that I experience being so satisfied once I meet new people and spend time with them. Because once I have conversations with any strangers maybe we might not meet or see again in future. AAt the bar, I had the sort of awesome time that I were given absolutely beneath the impact of alcohol and changed into concerned approximately being capable of making it home...Ahah, finally my wife start talking loudly "Shame on you, you are a useless person!!" in addition to she threw my all matters out. For me, it turned hard to show up all my matters due to the fact at that point I turned under the influence of alcohol and it turned into nighttime time and anywhere turned into dark. At that point, I had created an idea to do away with one's fights. I keep quiet with my wife and ignore her conflicts and this plan always works for me and then I to bed to sleep...


References,

Nikolai Vasilievich Gogol (1832). Nose. Retrieved from: https://my.uopeople.edu/pluginfile.php/1572977/mod_book/chapter/338858/Gogol-The%20Nose.pdf




