Random variables are used to model situations in which the outcome, before the fact, is uncertain. One component in the model is the sample space. The sample space is the list of all possible outcomes (or a range of possible values). For each value in the sample space, there is an associated probability.  The probability can either be an estimate of something that exists in the real world or it could be an exact value that comes from an ideal distribution.  Sometimes identifying the sample space helps to remind you exactly what it is that you are measuring.

Think of something that you might want to measure that is affected by random variation.  Identify what you want to measure, then describe its (approximate) sample space. Give a rough description of the probabilities associated with those values (you can simply specify if they are all the same probability or if values in one range will be more likely than values in another range). What would you say to a person who says that he or she "knows" what the outcome of an individual observation will be (an outcome of something that has not happened yet that is subject to random error)?

When forming your answer to this question you may give an example of a situation from your own field of interest for which a random variable can serve as a model.

There is no requirement to use sources from the Internet, but if you use an idea or a quotation from any source, it should be cited (such as putting the author and year at the end of the sentence and then adding a reference at the end to describe the source).



ANSWER: 


  In the beginning, random variables are always used for a model of the situation results because it has some uncertain facts. Sample space is one of the primary components in the model. A quantity that had a numerical value of each member of the group that has one whose values are always occur following to frequency distribution. For example, if there is a number of people are trying to buy tickets which have at a given fare that are random variables. Random variables always indicate a strong connection with the sample space. But in the reality, random variables are used to connect more with events space. I am going to clarify random variables in examples,

    If we try to keep the number of Side for a book, we also could be defined by using S={0,1,2} and here all elements were used as event spaces. It could be,

0 side was Q1
1 side was Q2
2 side was Q3
    Here we know that Q1 + Q2 + Q3 = 1. But above my example, if we use random variables it seems like we can demonstrate this example, 

Q(S=0) = Q1, Q(S=1) = Q2, Q(S=2) = Q3


   In my example, we could see some difference between events spaces and outputs ranges in the Random Variables.



   In my second point, if I think that I could try to measure affected by random variation, I want to identify confusion to measure and I am going to demonstrate the sample space. So it is a kind of measurable space that has a sample space to require the properties of one. The values also had some random variables since they called outcomes. Basically, sample space, as well as the outcome, always mention the image and values of random variables. In the sample space, if there is one random variable that had to identify the function but the results may give a die roll which has random variables of six minutes. 

B: c =  6 - c
B: {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6} equal to {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6}
   

   In the third point,  if we thought that we had a random variable that has a function with a preference on the part of various numbers. For example, if a select person supposes some students randomly from a college whose age was 21 years old and in the random variable that student has 45 kg weight this is called a bias value. Because it had a distribution function and here my sample of spaces are those students in that college.

  In my fourth point of view,  if we select a first passenger who was traveling by airplane in the 10 am flight time there was a particular airport and there is a sample of space which has different adult passengers and the weight of those passengers has a random variable where it has 60kg above more value very often.



