Please respond to the following question with a post of at least 200 words. 





Discuss how much of Roman society and thought were Greek in origin.





Also remember to respond to the posts of at least 3 of your peers. Be sure to follow all the guidelines stipulated on the assignment page in your post and your responses.


ANSWER:

In the beginning, I am going to the Romans community along with the ancestry of Greek. The Romans began to overcome disparate into pieces of the Mediterranean in 275 BC. We can think that, they had more liability. All were authorized by the Sicily and it was situated in an undeveloped island which was close to Italy. In the meanwhile their war was with Carthaginians. Subsequently, the Greeks was redoubtable for the Romans, and they had got involved with the Carthaginians in their battle for the Romans. This finished the Romans bothered with the Greeks. Unusally, they decided to defeat with carefully Greek authority.  But since in 146 BC, the Greeks got permitted secretly from the Romans to be free, until now the Greek city state has been overwhelmed Corinth over 146 BC. If we try to think that, the Greece used to had liability to build them an area of the Empire of the Roman. Even if, the Greeks had not being satisfied with this, and they determine to do well which was under the principles of Roman.(Morey from 1901). However, the Roman handled them for many years where it was another big time for the Roman civilization and culture which were thinking kind of Greek at first. The Greek had brought together many houses also structures for them completely under the Roman Ruling. This prehistory had presented that the Greek had built many new houses. Moreover, the most beneficial development for the Greek was they were completed under the Roman Rules and the Romans took lessons Greek, which was a tragedy for the many Greeks and those arose by the Rome as mentors for the Greeks. Suddenly one more time, a small group of Romans had visited in the Greece universities such as Plato's Academy along with Aristotle's Lyceum in Athens and they had learned from the excellent Greek philosopher. (Morey from 1901).


References,

Morey, W.C. (1901). An overview of Roman history. Roman Forum. http://www.forumromanum.org/history/index.html
