
From our assigned readings this week, consider the case of Samir Moussa. After reading his story please share how his life illustrates both the tension between local culture and globalization and the opportunities afforded by globalization. Please provide examples from the story and compare them with your own experience.

Explain how the spread of the American political and economic models have impacted cultures.
Identify other cultural challenges that have arisen due to globalization.
Discussion Guidelines

Share your thoughts and ideas on this week’s discussion forum prompts in a couple of paragraphs.
Respond to at least 3 peers. Your post to each peer must be relevant to the week’s topic and should be more than a simple statement of agreement.
Be kind, respectful, and resourceful on this forum. Speak with kindness, give your fellow classmates respect, and be resourceful to them by provided additional information about your topic, to ensure the conversation is ongoing.
Please return throughout the week to continue to participate and respond to anyone who has responded to you.
Be sure to cite any resources that you use in APA format.  Direct quotes should not be used in discussions. 


ANSWER:

Consider the Samir Moussa case from the measurements assigned to this week. After reading his story, share how his life shows both the tensions between local culture and globalization and the opportunities that globalization brings. Take an example from history and compare it to your own experience. Explain how the spread of the American political economy model affected culture. Identify other cultural challenges created by globalization.

Samil Musa's Life present the way his parents reside within variety cultures along with races. The variety of friends, family, and work and life he grew up in influences his personal world. But as a person with foresight and rich cultural life experience, when he and his family visited the relatives in which they live, the conflict of his life  between local culture and globalization is his attention. Was considered. Despite the fact, globalization has spread around the world, and the has brought about many positive changes and prosperity. Catastrophic wars are still intensifying on Earth, causing poverty and problems. One of Costa Rica's local doctors, was learning more and more about the treatment of cutaneous leishmaniasis, but his people said that's local science and knowledge was based solely on Western science and knowledge. I cast his vote. I think Samir Moussa, who hasn't heard, is happy with globalization because she understands different languages as well as can speak three languages fluently.

In one's own view, I think globalization has shaped my global culture through thoughts, tastes and concepts. We strive to look more fashionable than anyone else in the world. Cook in line with the recipe instructions of various countries and regions. We celebrate the holidays and traditions of others. We welcome foreign companies in our area without any problems. In my opinion, this is an advantage of globalization. Globalization influences global culture in three ways. Most Globalization Analysts are skilled professionals who are well trained in the corporate world and identify new categories of people with a global culture. This community or association known as "Davos Culture". They are seen as the driving force behind the development of foreign trade and are pursuing global business strategies. You are fluent in English and have traveled the world in 4,444 ways (Oliver, 2017).

In conclusion, they  are the only country in the world that dominates the world economy and has fast food chains around the world. This shows how much the US economic model has affected the world. There are many problems. Due to globalization, one of them is the impact of one political system on another. In addition, the tax  and labor laws of globalized countries, the trade war between the United States, China and Europe, and the markup of unofficial immigrants in Europe are at disparity.

Reference, 

Oliver, P. (2017). Globalization and culture concept. In the context of globalization, education and culture have been impacted (pages 10-20).
