      In the beginning, I had already studied the College Paper Case Study and In my opinion, Reggie has failed the grade because she did not understand the questions and instructions properly. She should think her explanation might match but unfortunately, she failed to explain the problem. In this case, Reggie should learn from her mistake and write the assessment again clearly by following the instructions that her instructor gave her. I would rate 2 because she should research more before writing and try to learn from her mistake and again write the research paper writing.

      On the other hand, I am going to review the University of the People's Academic Integrity and Code of Conduct Statement. In my view, the University of the People has an appropriate and corrective policy. I think this might help someone to payoff against any member of the university communities. That would help to clear any concerns of the policy, maintained and extend the possibilities. For example, if there is any problem with any members in the community who suspects the violation they must need to submit obligation to report to it. There must an investigation process policy so that if any student is alleged he or she can get a final written decision from associate dean/executive director. If a student has any reasons she or he should also appeals the decisions which might be made by the director. 

     In the first point, plagiarizing has been constantly 100% at fault because, by stealing the person works or writing is not a good way. In this case, he or she might call plagiarism. By plagiarizing, any student can not learn and gain any knowledge. Everybody must need to learn and work hard to prepare their own views and must need creative thinking. Stealing and Cheating anyone's work is not a solution, a student must need to be submitting their own work otherwise he is cheating with himself or herself. In my view, plagiarism is not happen accidentally, it happens intentionally. 

       Besides this, we can avoid the plagiarism easily and without having any trouble and in my opinion, he or she must need to write their own views and are created in their own answer. 

      In my second point, the student gets plagiarized by coping any other's work and puts their own name to that work and submit it and try to take him or her own credit by submitting other hard work. As well as, it's very rare if it has accidentally plagiarized and coincidentally plagarised. 

        In my third point, I can ensure that I would not accidentally or intentionally plagiarize while engaged in my studies at UoPeople because by cheating any of my peers or students works I can not learn or gain any knowledge and I might not cheat with academy I think I am cheating with myself by writing any others hard work.

     On the other Side, I am going to discuss two strategies that I am going to use to prevent plagiarism in my work or assessment and I am also trying to address the necessary of APA citation and references. Firstly, I am going to start my work as early as possible and submit my unique work so that the instructor can easily find that my work is unique and I am also going to use my creative thinking while writing and submit my work by following academic rules. Secondly, I need to cite my work accurately and nicely and try to give a clear explanation. Before submitting I need to check my work using plagiarism tools and proofread my work.  Thirdly, Besides this plagiarism checker are the best way and strategy to avoid plagiarism. Fourthly, If I had any problem I must ask my tutor or mentor about the question I have to understand.