Topic: Netiquette, peer assessment, and feedback
Please reflect and answer the following:
We know that using netiquette online is important, but why? What are the consequences of bad netiquette in the classroom? In your response, be sure to reflect on how it feels to be addressed with bad netiquette, and how you think others feel.
How does netiquette relate to peer assessment? Why is it important to use good manners when leaving feedback?
How do you feel about the feedback you received this week? What about the feedback you gave?
Your reflection part of the Learning Journal should have a minimum of 400 words.

APA Exercise
Every week in your learning journal for Online Education Strategies, you will practice APA format. This week, you are going to learn how to cite a journal article. These are available in the UoPeople library. After reviewing the library video in Unit 1’s Learning Activities, go to the library and find a journal article on a topic you’re interested in. Then, complete the following exercise:

What is the title of the article?
Who is the author (or who are the authors)?
What year was the article published?
What is the title of the journal?
What is the Volume number, Issue number, and page numbers?
If the article has a DOI number, what is the DOI? If it does not, what is the URL of the journal’s home page?
Using the information from #1-6, write the APA reference for the journal article you found. The reference goes at the end of your work, after all of your writing is finished.
Now, let’s write the in-text citation, to use at the end of a sentence you are writing. In-text citations are always (Author, Year). Using the information from #7, write the APA in-text citation for the book you found.
Note: If you are struggling, try reviewing the UoPeople APA tutorials.

Learning Journal Rubric
The rubric detailing how you will be graded for this assignment can be found within the unit's assignment on the main course page.


ANSWER:     In the beginning, I want to describe that netiquette means a habit when we communicated on the internet in the correct or acceptable format. For example, when we use to communicate with each other via email, gatherings, web journals, and long-range informal communications that expose the utilization of the helpful habit on the internet. By using netiquette online for our peer assessment we can secure our communication which might be non-verbally activity on the internet in any occurrence in a good manner. By reading and studying another person's work helps to solve them for regular online foliation through the building. This strategy is most important because it helps to express more easily by providing their own feedback of each person that might be positive sides or negative side. If anyone receives any positive feedback from another peer this strategy helps each other to understand the positive work's results and makes a peer happy too. For this reason, Good Manners and Habits are most necessary for by using good feedback to demonstrate their own feedback. On the other hand, by the consequences of bad netiquette in the classroom, it does not mean that he or she acting a good manner to their peer. For example, if a peer receives a bad review or feedback he or she might feel very bad and that will also make him or her very sad feelings that might be causing in the psychology and mentally depressed problem. Because of this bad manner and bad feedback will directly feel a peer emotionally spleenful. As well as, I think this bad manner on the internet is not acceptable and he or she is presenting himself incorrectly in the daily online classroom.



    Secondarily, netiquette is related to peer assessment and by leaving feedback it is very important to use good manners. As we know peer assessment is an assessment that helps students to collaborate with each other works and students must need to follow the academic rules and regulations as well. By communicating with each other and helps them with polite behavior and courtesy on the internet is actually defined netiquette which means the student must be communicating with their peers with good manners online. 



   Thirdly, receiving feedback every week helps me realize what mistake I have by working in any discussion related assessment. Everybody learns from their mistakes. Same for me also, I always learn from my mistakes and try to improve my myself I always believe that in online communication I just need to be very helpful to my peers and maintain good manners with each other. 

                               


                                                            We Am a Virtual Community

                                                                    Earl Babbie

                                                                Published in 1996

                                                          Creating a Virtual Community 

          The American Sociologist Vol. 27, No. 1 (Spring, 1996), pp. 65-71 (7 pages),"https://www.jstor.org/stable/27698760"

     In the beginning 1992 the writer Earl Babbie said that, "He or she determined to make a informal newsletter which would able to serve the any vehicle for the instructors can she and tech any methods or knowledge to make easy communicate with each and other. " Wadsworth Publishing Company also accede with them and also sponsor the newsletter. 



















References, "Babbie, E. (1996). We Am a Virtual Community. The American Sociologist, 27(1), 65-71. Retrieved September 22, 2020, from http://www.jstor.org/stable/27698760", "Babbie, Earl. “We Am a Virtual Community.” The American Sociologist, vol. 27, no. 1, 1996, pp. 65–71. JSTOR, www.jstor.org/stable/27698760. Accessed 22 Sept. 2020."

     



