Learning Journal Unit 6
Please read the reading materials from Chapter 4 of the Corporate Social Responsibility textbook.
Based on what you have learned in this unit, answer the following questions:
What impact will labeling of GM food products have on producers and developers of GMO foods?
What impact will labeling of GM food products have on research of GMOs?
What impact will labeling of GM food have on consumers?
Learning Journal Requirements
Submit a written paper that is a minimum of one typewritten page (approximately 500 to 700 words) with an introduction and conclusion. This paper shall demonstrate the use of standard written English with respect to organization, grammar, spelling, composition, sentence structure, punctuation, and construction. The paper should cite sources to support your ideas. Refer to the UoPeople APA Tutorials in the LRC for help with APA citations.


ANSWER:

In the beginning, I am going to talk about the people in the entire world by encouraging for awareness for the good health as well as it can occur great harm for the body. Public without awareness can consume then and they also need to read in the product's ingredients and expiry dates before buying any products. In this direction, in Kenya, people were ignoring foods which has been known as GMOs and they trust that these products are converted by utilizing the chemicals which are dangerous for the human body and it might occur many medical and health problems if people consume it for a long time. It can also affect in many firms by elaborating negatively. This reason labeling, customers would make a variety among the organic or converted foods products. It needs a development in organic foods farming as well as in the production as well. This way the organic food's demands will rise more. 

In my second point of view, when we labeled the foods to make a variety so that consumers can buy the organic or modified product which draw on the required identifying the good selling GMO foods products as well as it will be better in markets to make promotion in the sale which is naturally modified foods. By packaging would again find a good way to make consumers interesting by modifying the food packaging. Because it would make more profitable and tempting for the customer. When we label and to impress our customer, many researchers also said that it would a great launch of GMO food products in the market. This would organize close to verify the benefits or problems of GMOs for the human body and the labeling has given rise to the GMO industry at the time that many people gain alertness of the goods. Previously mentioned that, it can encourage for productive field to research within the varied products which might be generated to converted.

At last we can classify that, the main awareness can bring the consumers or and different to foods which can be recycled through. Moreover, consumers would become more interested if the food was well labeled and it can struggle the GM product.

REFERENCES,

Byars, S. M., & Stanberry, K. (2019). Business ethics. OpenStax College and Rice University. Retrieved from:  https://opentextbc.ca/businessethicsopenstax/.



