The Learning Journal is a tool for self-reflection on the learning process. In addition to completing directed tasks, you should use the Learning Journal to document your activities, record problems you may have encountered and to draft answers for Discussion Forums and Assignments. The Learning Journal should be updated regularly (on a weekly basis), as the learning journals will be assessed by your instructor as part of your Final Grade.

Your learning journal entry must be a reflective statement that considers the following questions:

Describe what you did, what you learned, your weekly activities, in what ways are you able to apply the ideas and concepts gained ,  and finally, describe one important thing that you are thinking about in relation to the activity


Answer:

In the beginning, I am going to talk about what I had been accomplished in this week as it was the fifth week for me. The term and below are my activities for this week. SO, at first I had logged into Moodle to review my this week tasks and I had to complete the programming assessment at first and now waiting for my next week peers review. Then I check my week 3 peer assessment grades were I think my peer did not review my week 3 programming assessment correctly and gave a random marks in my assessment that I had felt very bad. I went to check the learning guide and try to understand the topics and learning objectives. 
 Then, I had to complete the discussion posts and gave a review to my three of my peers. Next I had to complete the self-quiz and then submit my programming assessment. Finally I am writing my learning journal for this week. I had also downloaded the learning material while working on tasks because I need to study those at first. This also helps me to complete my work. As the chapter was about Implementation, Testing. Introduction to Modeling and System Specifications. The topics were about Test-driven Implementation and Modeling and System Specifications. These concepts were very important for me to study Overview of Software Testing, Test Coverage, and Code Coverage, Practical Aspects of Unit Testing, Integration, and Security Testing, Test-driven Implementation, Refactoring: Improving the Design of Existing Code. It was also necessary for our real-life problem solving. I had a search in the google about What is a system? And Problem Frames and read some blogs about these concepts. Moreover, learning about Test driven Implementation, making distinguish between the different types and levels of testing (unit, integration, systems), creating and evaluating a test plan for a given program and software as well as defining system specifications of a proposed system also important learning objectives to study. Overall this week was a bit pressure for me and I had to work so hard to complete all my tasks on time. 

