Learning Journal Unit 7
Take the following questionnaire on happiness and answer the following questions in an essay format: http://www.meaningandhappiness.com/oxford-happiness-questionnaire/

What was your score? How did you rate in happiness?
Did you agree or disagree with this score? Why?
Does this change any of your thoughts about how happy you are? How so?
Did this test make you want to make any changes? If so, how?
The textbook describes happiness being divided into 3 elements: the pleasant life, the good life, and the meaningful life. Do you believe that you are missing one of these elements? If so, which one? Why?
The above website has links to research done to improve happiness. Feel free to browse the studies and try some of the exercises!

The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources.


ANSWER:

Introduction:

To start with, the Oxford Happiness Questionnaire was installed via way of means of psychologists Peter Hills and Michael Argyle at Oxford University. Besides this, it could take only some moments to complete the survey. The survey is a sign in getting an excellent illustration of 1 contemporary stage of happiness and the rating also can be used to evaluate the happiness stage sooner or later in later time via way of means of re-taking the survey (Wright, 2008). In a few cases wherein a character receives a rating of 1, there may be a want of the use of a number of the intercessions offered at the web website online to assist enhance the happiness stage, which may be used to interpret and notice whether or not the end result at the Oxford Happiness Questionnaire has long gone up because the rating change (Wright, 2008).



ANSWER 1:

From my first point of view, I scored 5.7 on the Oxford Happiness Questionnaire. The score turned into among 5-6, which turned into interpreted as being very satisfied. The end result similarly interprets that being satisfied has extra benefits than simply feeling suitable, which turned into correlated with advantages like health, higher marriages, and reaching my non-public goals.



ANSWER 2:

In my second point of view, I agree absolutely with the effects of the survey, as it is a real mirrored image of my contemporary country of happiness.



ANSWER 3:

From my third point of view, the end results do now no longer alternate something approximately my idea of how satisfied I am, due to the fact that without or with the end result of the questionnaire, I stay satisfied.



ANSWER 4:

In my fourth factor of view, I need to say no; due to the truth, there may be no motive for me to make any extrusion, because of the truth; the give-up cease-end result of the questionnaire shows that I am very happy.



ANSWER 5:

In my fifth point of view, no, I am now not missing out on any of the three elements of happiness, and that is why the cease-end result suggests that I am very satisfied with a score of 5.7; that is an outstanding indication that I am now not missing out on any of the 3 elements of happiness. Because with the aid of using lacking out on either one or of the details, of happiness will display from the end result.



Reference,

Wright,   S.   (2008,   October   17).   Oxford   Happiness   Questionnaire.   Retrieved   fromhttp://www.meaningandhappiness.com/oxford-happiness-questionnaire/


