The Learning Journal is a tool for self-reflection on the learning process. In addition to completing directed tasks, you should use the Learning Journal to document your activities, record problems you may have encountered and to draft answers for Discussion Forums and Assignments. The Learning Journal should be updated regularly (on a weekly basis), as the learning journals will be assessed by your instructor as part of your Final Grade.

Your learning journal entry must be a reflective statement that considers the following questions:

Describe what you did. This does not mean that you copy and paste from what you have posted or the assignments you have prepared. You need to describe what you did and how you did it.
Describe your reactions to what you did
Describe any feedback you received or any specific interactions you had. Discuss how they were helpful
Describe your feelings and attitudes
Describe what you learned
Another set of questions to consider in your learning journal statement include:

What surprised me or caused me to wonder?
What happened that felt particularly challenging? Why was it challenging to me?
What skills and knowledge do I recognize that I am gaining?
What am I realizing about myself as a learner?
In what ways am I able to apply the ideas and concepts gained to my own experience?
Your Learning Journal should be a minimum of 500 words.

Finally, describe one important thing that you are thinking about in relation to the activity.


ANSWER:

    In the beginning, I am going to talk about what I had accomplished in this week. Well, it was fourth week for my course and I was studying UNIT 4: Sequential Logic. At first I had to take a look at learning guide where the topic was about Sequential Logic, Clock, Flip-flop gates, Registers, RAM from the textbook. Next I try to learn and get familiar with and be able to implement flip flops as memory circuits, try to understand how we can implement register circuits as well as the implementation of the RAM circuits. Next I had to assess my last week peer assessment and I had graded and review their works. After assessing the programming assessment next, I had moved to complete the self-quiz. Where I had to complete the ten multiple choice. This week multiple choice was a bit medium hard for me. So, when I was completing the self-quiz my reactions were a bit confused in some of the multiple choice. So I had a search in internet I had seen some suggestion regarding those multiple choice. This suggestion actually helped me understand the confusing I was facing while completing this self quizzes. Next I had to submit the programming assessment before submitting my discussion posts. In the programming assessment we need to create a circuit and discuss the implementation of the memory register capable of storing a 4-bit binary number. We also need to use different circuits to store a bit of memory. After completing my programming assessments I had to start working in my discussion posts where discuss about the definition of the D-Latch as well as the working process of it and the difference between DFF, and D-Latch as well as the explanation of the one chip that is being used for constructing the other. 



  In my second point of view, I had to review all my peers discussion posts and I had detailed my feedback using 40 words.  Now after completing my discussion posts I am ready to write my this week learning journal. I had learned a lot of new things this week. I was a bit surprised when I was completing the programming assessment where I must need to use the logism tools. But anyway I had managed to use the tool. Because I am flexible with circuit verse online tools to create the circuits. This week multiple choice was a quite challenging for me to complete. Because this week topic was new for me and I was not familiar with this topic Hence, I had managed myself to solve my problems. Solving the problem without taking anyone's help is a kind of important soft skills., which helps me to think logically and critically. Day by day I am realizing that searching and solving a problem is quite important strategy for a self-learner student. In this way I am able to again new soft skills. These ideas and concepts are very important for me in my professional life as well. As a computer science student we must need problem solving, adaptability, technical thinking, leadership skills. 



