Reflection Topic: Critical thinking and peer assessment
Reflect and write at least 400 words on the following:
How does critical thinking relate to peer assessment? What strategies from this week can you apply when you assess Written Assignments?
At this point, you have completed a practice assessment and an actual assessment of a Written Assignment. You have also rated posts each week on the Discussion Board. Has any part of the process surprised you? Do you have any concerns about assessment?
APA Exercise
Every week in your learning journal for Online Education Strategies, you will practice APA format. This week, you are going to learn how to cite an online video file like a TED talk or Youtube video. Use the internet to find a video about critical thinking, such as a TED talk or a Youtube video. Then, complete the following exercise:

What is the title of the video?
Who is the speaker (or who uploaded the video)?
What year was the video published?
What URL is the video available at?
Using the information from #1-4, write the APA reference for the video file you found. The reference goes at the end of your work, after all of your writing is finished.
Now, let’s write the in-text citation, to use at the end of a sentence you are writing. In-text citations are always (Author, Year). Using the information from #5, write the APA in-text citation for the video you found.
Note: If you are struggling, try reviewing the UoPeople APA tutorials in the LRC.  A TED talk is cited like a Youtube video, with the speaker in place of the uploader.



ANSWER: Reflection Topic: ANSWER:

      In the beginning, I am going to describe critical thinking and peer assessment. Actually developing our critical thinking by peer review is a very important component of our life.  Critical thinking is an effective skill which is followed by teaching strategy. By doing self-assessment and exchanging feedback with a peer helps a student to think actively and make their own judgment. Because working in peer assessment assists a student to maintain their daily life routine and this strategy also helps a student to reshape their own thoughts and thinking to make them a critical thinker. By expressing any adverse or disapproving comments or feedback or judgments helps a student to use one's mind to consider and reason about something. For example, if a student uses their own thoughts or rational judgment or intelligent that would boost their collaboration thinking. Secondly, by involving in an analysis of the merits and faults of work maybe that could be in literature, music, or art would support each other ideas and they could become sober-minded. Moreover, if a student faces any kind of situation or problem by having the potential it might aid them to become more disastrous at a point of crisis. Thirdly, by relating to or denoting a point of transition from one state to another could able to identify oneself with other views. 

        The strategies from this week I could apply when I was assessed to write my assessments, that I am going to identify which is given below:

By making good communication among the student of any purpose could support them and make beneficial in each other so that they could positively impress their attitudes towards the task by working on peer assessment and reviews.
By working on any kind of peer assessment exercise is the main reason to assist a student to become successful by writing a clear and guided assessment standard.
By discussing any rubric questions/criteria and take a part in the virtual classroom helps a student to realize and know the course content which he could learn and also evaluation method and system. 
By reviewing peer writing is the most efficient way to think a student reflectively as well as a great chance to give a revision on each other writing before submitting for their final grade.
       In my second point,  I already had completed a practice assessment and an actual assessment of a Written Assignment and I also rated posts each week on the Discussion Board. Now I am going to demonstrate my own opinion about my experience. The system for reviewing my peer assessment really surprised me. Because I do not know each other and any three of my peer's works I am reviewing its really a great experience. When I was checking all my peer's hard work and giving comments and feedback on it I had learned a lot of things from their assessment. My peers had explained their own view and thoughts in there written assignment and submitted. About the topic, we all write I had learned various examples and strategies from them. But sometimes I was concerned about the assessment that most of the student mid-range quality of writing which I could compare with high and poor writing qualities. If the question of the assessment designed more easily with examples so that poor, midlevel, or high writing could help a student to understand some general writing and the doors of the writing content.
   

   APA Exercise: 

                                                       

                                                 5 tips to improve your critical thinking - Samantha Agoos

                                                                        Lesson by Samantha Agoos

                                                                        Published by March 15, 2016

                                                            https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dItUGF8GdTw

        In the bud, in our daily life, we make a lot of decision that is usually based on our situation but sometimes it could be impossible to make a correct decision and perfect ways to solve of our problem. So in this case we could improve our situation by making critical thinking and decide to take the right steps to deal with our problem. Samantha Agoos said that we could take 5 easy tricks to help people to think critically and take the exact solutions to the problem they are facing in their daily life. So the first tips are if critical thinking has a negative we should select any answer it sounds it would be right for us. If the subject may be scrutiny or perscrutation or maybe skepticism or negativism options. We should always select useful and reliable information while we are thinking about that subject. After that, we just need to formulate the questions that we should look for straightforward answers. Secondly, we need to gather more information before we make any kind of decision to sort it our problem. We just need to take clear and relevant ideas for our question because this point would help me to determine to take any judgment. Thirdly, after gathering the information we must need to apply this information in real life. We need to ask ourselves more critical questions and think about it, for example; 'what things could work for me? '. Fourthly, always try to think logically and consider the implications. for example, we just need to select the right student if he could maintain and eligible for the work he promises for. A fifth of my point, we need to explore more about the other points of their idea. 'We need to ask ourselves why so many people are working on this project and are there any benefits?' If you see any disagree thought you could oppose those thoughts and then make a decision of it. 



  References,

   Agoos, S. (2016, March 15). 5 tips to improve your critical thinking - Samantha Agoos.Youtube. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dItUGF8GdTw








  





  