
Learning Journal Unit 5


What is the fundamental difference between a Layer 2 switch and a Layer 3 router?


ANSWER:

In the beginning, I am going to talk about the Layer 2 term and Layer 3 which can be unoriginal that has been taken away of the OSI. OSI abbreviation is Open System Interconnect. It had a model that needs a reference for the model to describe the communications of the network. 

 In my second point of the view, Layer 2 can be switched commonly to use only MAC address entirely of the Layer 3. It can have a router to use the both IP address and MAC table of the address.  

 In my third point of the view, latest layer 2 can be switched so that it can not be able to make perform in the NAT. NAT abbreviations is Network Address Translation. During this time it can have layer 3 router and it is also possible to translate the network address.

 In my fourth point of the view, the layer 2 can be switched to utilize CAM table and CAm abbreviation is Content Accessible Memory. It can have a table to make storage as well as with Layer 3 which can be stored in the router including the IP address in each routing table.

 In my fifth point of the view, Layer 2 can be switched to use the LAN. LAN abbreviations are Local Area Network. During the layer 3 router needs to be used in local area network and in the wide-area network. 

 In my sixth point of the view, the packets can be used in the layer to make the switch for the frames during the Layer 3 routes. 

 In my seventh point of the view, the Vlan can be tagging which is based on IP address but it is not possible in the layer 2 which is the switch during the latest layer 3 router. It was also possible to make tagging each Vlan established the IP address.

 In my eighth point of the view, the layer 2 can be switched to make functionally ASCIs and typically nearly new to forward the decision during the layer 3. It can have routers to use the logic of the software.  



References,

Guru99.(n.d). Retrieved from https://www.guru99.com/layer-3-layer-2-switch.html

Morris. (2017, November 8). Retrieved from https://community.fs.com/blog/layer-2-switch-vs-layer-3-switch-which-one-do-you-need.html

Sheldon.(2018, June 14). Retrieved from https://community.fs.com/blog/layer-3-switch-vs-router-what-is-your-best-bet.html


Rashmi,B.(2020). Retrieved from https://ipwithease.com/difference-between-router-and-layer-3-switch/
