Learning Journal Unit 2
If you had the choice to live in Athens or Sparta, which one would you choose and why?


ANSWER:

If I have to choose a place to live in I would have chosen to live in Sparta, because Sparta is far superior to Athens because their army was fierce and protective, girls received some education and women had more freedom than in other poleis. The below paragraphs explain the reason why I will like to live in Sparta instead of Athens.Firstly, the army of Sparta was the strongest fighting force in Greek. Beginning at the age of 7, young boys were sent from their families to live in military barracks (Spielvogel, 2006).They were treated harshly to make them tough so that they would be a fierce fighting force when they turned 20 (Bartel). These soldiers then stayed and fought until they were 60 so the army was always ready to go to war (Spielvogel, 2006). This made Sparta one of the safest cities to live in.Secondly, in Sparta girls were able to learn a lot more than in other places. Spartan girls were nottaught just by their mothers like in Athens. They received training in sports, such as the javelin and running (Spielvogel, 2006). The Spartans believed this made them strong and better mothers.Lastly, Sparta is the best polis of ancient Greek because women had freedom. By freedom, I mean that they could own property and run their own businesses (Bartel). They could also leave the house without their husbands’ permission unlike the poor women of Athens. This is most likely because Spartan husbands were off to war so often that the women could never find them to ask permission. Women in Sparta had to be strong and in charge in order to keep the city goingwhile the men were off fighting in all the wars.In conclusion, Sparta is the city-state that one should choose to visit. Although it is as amazing asour world today where women are equal to men, and people are forced into the military, it is still better than any other polis, including Athens. Sparta is the best city-state of ancient Greek.



Reference: 

Spielvogel, J. Journey across Time: the Early Ages. New York: McGraw-Hill/Glencoe, 2005.

Bartel, N. The Greeks. PBS: Public Broadcasting Service. Web. 13 Apr. 2011.http://www.pbs.org/empires/thegreeks/htmlver/index.html