Compare and contrast monarchy, aristocracy, tyranny, oligarchy, and democracy as forms of government in Ancient Greek city-states.


ANSWER:

Written Assignment Unit 2

Department of Computer Science, University of the People

HIST 1421: Greek and Roman Civilization

Date: Novemeber 22, 2021


Introduction

In the beginning, the split of the ancient Greece was having various hundred poleis and city-states. Among these city-states, the most powerful and greater nation was Athens as well as Sparta. There are also various states consist with Delphi, Olympia, Argos, and Thebes. The various states were also governed by the different forms which are consistent with monarchy, democracy, and aristocracy.  

Monarchy

The hereditary was also authorized by the monarchy region which has a single king. The ancient of the Greece circa 2000 BC were developed in monarchy. The all brilliant monarchy nations were in Macedonia, Corinth as well as Epeiros. In the Assembly there were the populace and shared limited authority in this political system were the monarch has accurate power. The Greece was lacked to monarchy after 700BC. 

Aristocracy

The rule has the more competent which was deemed to the people which was comprised to minor and has aristocracy to refer to the government within the relatively small privileged elite. As, the mentioned system was developed on the premise so that each aristocrat of the government can able to make composed by the small number of the biggest competent aristocrats. But only the Qualified citizens can able to develop that level for the aristocrat in this society and the Athens can able to forced by the aristocracy which was prior to 507 B.C. It could not able to defeat them because the system can be manipulated. 

Tyranny

One-man dictatorship was tyranny and it can begin to rule the tyrant to punish the subject in many ways. The corrupted former soldiers are the best part of the rulers. There was also a chance to again develop the administration and control everything. Nearly, 600 BC, the tyrannies start to appear again in the ancient of the Greece and few of the dictators was honestly starting it. In Athens the persistrators was around 560 BCE and Pheidon in Argos were nearly 660 BCE and other was remarkable tyrants. 

Oligarchy

The rules were few to refer the term in Oligarchy and the part has an ancient in the Greece. But this entire method has a small number of the aristocrats to snatch the power as well as making control over the governance system. Many folks were unable to engage in this system and slaves, women and foreigners were banning to participate in the politics. This government system was same to tyranny and the Sparta oligarchy were controlled by those two kings which were descended were the two privileged houses and elder council which are calling "Gerousia".  

Democracy

The ancient democracies was founded to make credit in Athens. All the while, the ancient period was in 800-500 BCE and the man was called for the Solon chances in Athens in the political structure and established the democracies. The democracies system can be restored to the Athens which was famous in the aristocrat after the Cleisthenes. The system was called as the law of the Isonomia or Equality, which was subordinate to the rules of the people.  The direct democracies were found in the Athens government. There were many countries where the modern political systems can be developed after the ancient of the Athenian of the democracy. The modern democracies also banned the discrimination between men and women, slaves and foreigners. Here everyone had political right to vote for the government. 

Conclusion

As a result, there was much judgment in the ancient Greek governance systems. We cannot make the conflict to the contribution for the time being to civilized and today's democracies were not accepted in more of the world countries and along with the given birth of the ancient Greece.  

References

Brand, P. J. (n.d.). Sparta. In Athens & Sparta: Democracy vs. Dictatorship (p. 2). Cartwright, M.(2013, March 17). Greek Government. Retrieved from http://www.ancient.eu/Greek_Government/ Encyclopædia 

Britannica Inc. (n.d.). Aristocracy. Retrieved April 23, 2015, from http://www.britannica.com/EBchecked/topic/34430/aristocracy 

Kokemuller, J. (2015). Define the Three Different Types of Government in Ancient Greece & Who Was Allowed to Vote. Retrieved April 23, 2015, from http://classroom.synonym.com/define-three-different-types-government-ancient-greece-allowed-vote-17981.html 

Pixgood. (2014, March). Ancient Greek City States Map. Retrieved April 23, 2015, from http://pixgood.com/ancient-greek-city-states-map.html



