Please respond to the following question with a post of at least 200 words. 




What were the outcomes of the second Punic War and why were these outcomes so different than the outcomes of Rome's war against the Latiums?




Also remember to respond to the posts of at least 3 of your peers. Be sure to follow all the guidelines stipulated on the assignment page in your post and your responses.


ANSWER:

In the beginning, I am going to talk about the Second Punic War. It is known as Carthaginian Second War. It happened second(218 to 201 BCE) in a evolution of battles among the Roman Republic as well as the Carthaginian of Punic country that deliver about Roman authority up the western Mediterranean. After the First War of Punic, Rome extract Corsica including Sardinia against Carthage as well as embarrassed Carthaginian to pay a permanently more arresting recompense than the installment imposed more fast upcoming conflict. Under the ambition of Hamilcar Barca and his child Hannibal along with his child-in-law Hasdrubal, Carthage paid for another base in Spain. It can also recharge of the battle opposed to Rome. In the east shore of the Peninsula Hannibal had arrest Saguntum in 219. Rome appealed to withdrawal and until now Carthage decide on not to look back him. Rome charged the battles. Because Rome had been controlled the ocean and Hannibal run his military wrapped up by the Spain moreover Gaul along with over the Alps, appearing the plain open country of the Po River Valley which was in 218 BCE including 20,000 infantry moreover, 6,000 mounted force. Roman soldiers launched to rule his development thus far act of beat along with Hannibal's discontinue northen Italy which were arranged. Gallic tribesmen had support by absolved south in 217 Hannibal. It could be assault Rome plainly when he excused on Capua. This was second greatest town in Italy and in a family way toward oblige the common people to take up arms. He gained a few battles as yet meanwhile left offensive in the city of Rome. By balancing in the wake of eliminating a huge Roman armed force at Cannae which was in 216. The accident of damaged Roman obstruction. There was a brilliant reserved technique conducted by Quintus Fabius Maximus Cunctator harried the Carthaginian after oblation a fight. Wherefore, the two militaries delayed fixed on the Italian landmass until 211 BCE which was in Rome retrieved the city of Capua. In 207 Hasdrubal, ensuing Hannibal's course from side to side of the Alps. It also developing at northen Italy including further huge armed force maintained by armies of Ligurians along with Gauls. Hasdrubal trot the peninsula to join Hannibal for an offensive attack on Rome.  Collapsed by the war in Rome. it has been constructed and sent a military to easily take a attention at Hasdrubal. The administrator of the Roman Southern battalion was Gaius Nero who disappear in north in addition to confused Hasdrubal on the banks on the river in Metauros. Hannibal hold on amidst his circumstances in Southern Italy as far as 203 at the same time he was asked to get back to Africa. Italy were free from the enemy armed force after criterion for 15 years. In the middle of the long central area movement fighting had continued too on Sardinia including Sicily which taken alter to Rome's channel in beginning of food. It also promoted by an incoming revolt in Syracuse. It renewed Carthage with aspects of the island in 215 along with balancing along up to 210. For the time being in Spain, Roman bureau kept up along with the pressure on Carthaginian blockhouse. The Roman general Publius Scipio conquered a decisive fight at Ilipa in 206 as  a consequence awkward the Carthaginian out of Spain. Ensuing his Spanish were not easily set in stone to offense on the Carthaginian country. He was sailing for Africa in 204 along with arranged a footing. The Carthaginian chamber acted term of surrendering all the same default on externally a second to backup  and declaring its trust in one end of battle. They met Carthaginian armed force which was guided by Hannibal and had a taken aback at Zama. The Carthaginians accepted Scipio's expressions for unity. As a result, Carthage had to redress a compensation along with allowance its naval force including Spain with the Mediterranean islands have being give in to Rome. 



Reference,

Britannica, T. Editors of Encyclopaedia (2014). Second Punic War. Encyclopedia Britannica. https://www.britannica.com/event/Second-Punic-War


