Learning Journal Unit 5
Discuss the differences between the governments and militaries of Rome and Carthage that account for Rome's eventual victory over Carthage.


ANSWER:

   In the beginning, I am going to discuss both the differences between the governments as well as militaries of Rome as well as Carthage. This can be accounted for the Rome. The Roman Republic has been embodied by the courage in the act of set for big major part of the people which values well in that time for the ideal law of the Stoicism and this can be a hard duty which can be a command as companion of honesty. The Roman Republic together with the Roman Empire they accomplishes the uses of important one on Patina justice attributed to epics formerly which they can replete the entire system which is facism. Rome with the Carthage, they did make unique and also make a difference in relation to the two great challenger in the West. They might the similar respecting the strength in addition to the sources.

In my second point of the view, The Carthage had a superior wealth and Rome had a larger management system. They can also maintain a stable navy even if Rome occupies an effective army. The Carthage can authorize by dominating more intelligent leaders and Rome can retain more devoted common people. Still, and all the whiskey power including Carthage can be recovered by the wealth among other things by the commercial authority. For the time being, the Rome can control the leading if we notice the aspects of the native residents. This can also active in the political rules. 



In my third point of view, the importance in Carthaginians can be determined which exposed for the accomplishment. Till the noticeable in Romans and it keep the dark hours of defeated with the investigation after that Romans can directly grow over the Sicily. This had a part of the area which is covered by the Carthaginian and it can force to the governments by beginning the first war. Rome prepares to grow its force in Italy rapidly so that it can be defective in the deep-sea which is power of Carthage. 



In my fourth point of the view, the share of the Carthage can be overcome by the losses of the fast inclusive of the large army force and all the time the militant can be professional soldier specially by the domestic in the Numidia to prevent by fighting in the war. The best part of the officers who could rule their armed forces which had a popular Freeman.  The Roman Republic cannot order make fast, which can be allowed to be threatening for the naval fight about the Carthaginian navy. The Roman Leader had to understand that, the maritime battle can be disappeared. They can also wise to think about the dominance along with the Army within Rome which is raised against the mercenaries in Carthage. This was the main reason that they can think to strike Sicily via authoring the property. On the contrary, the Roman Republic can access into the power over revealing their strong attention on family which values made up of the idea of Stoicism. This is another trouble responsibilities which was formed well in the sincerity. As a result, the Carthaginians can lead all over the reign of terror along with lucky people who realize the momentous and exceptional role at the same time as the Punic Wars.



Reference,

Morey, W. (1901). Outlines of Roman History, Chapter 14. Retrieved fromhttps://www.forumromanum.org/history/morey14.html

