Trace how Carthage became almost the equal of Rome. Be sure to show the strength of both and how this conflict led to Rome becoming a naval power.

The paper needs to be at least 500 words long with proper formatting and use of APA standards for citation.

The paper should also include an introduction, body and conclusion

ANSWER:

Written Assignment

University of the People

HIST 1421 - Greek and Roman Civilization

12 September 2021


The Carthage and Rome in the Punic Wars

Introduction:


In the beginning of the Punic Wars the Carthage as well as Rome was same sized as empires abd then carthage never has been powerful. In accordance with Jarus 2012, Carthaganians has start a small colony of Phoenician which was situated in area and that was owned by the Tunisia. They had critically situated in an far-reaching trade route from the East acroos the Mediterranean Sea. In Carthage the Phoenician used to reside there and it was a great seafarers because the critical location in the meditaranean including with their trips overseas to trade their proprietary which was purple dye or handmade things or natural resources like lumber. Lucrative trade along with their brilliant sailors needs the Carthaganians which was grew one of the largest navies in the world. 


Body:

In my second point of view, Rome had grown up which was much smaller agreement in a section of land which was owned by mainland Italy. As stated in Morey 1901, the Roman City of state was directly start to overthrow neighboring city of states by developing their population as well as military might in the system. Presently, Rome has threatening on the neighboring Latium Empire. They also had trade nearby partners. They were develop more wealthy as well sa continue to expand into the Italian region and this were populated by more independent city of states. Extra time Rome had extended to conquer the city of states with the Italian peninsula till they encountered the Greek deal with in southern Italy. Rome has been repeated to catch up with the most of the Italian mainland once they conquered what was left of Greece.

Rome had a totally sturdy army, however they quickly have become conscious that they might want a far more potent military in the event that they have been going to achieve success in protecting themselves from Carthage.  Rome and Carthage got here into battle after Rome got here to the protection of small metropolis states close to the coast of Sicily after they have been attacked via way of means of Carthage.  This occasion started out the primary Punic battle.   Morey 2019 explained, Rome discovered very quickly after the start of the battle that their military turned into seriously deprived in opposition to the extremely good Carthigian naval pressure.  Carthage had more wealth than Rome, but Rome operated very efficiently. By the time of the second one Punic battle, Rome had improv edits military.  Finally Rome turned into capable of pressure Carthage to give up withinside the Second Punic battle because of its advanced navy and approach in 


Conclusion:

Despite the fact, Rome along with the Carthage had arose from small first stage which was became a big military powers and itgot matched in size or power. Rome has a powerful and very effective army at the same time Carthage had  a huge wealth as well as the greatest navy in the world. When all is said and done, Rome was able to utilize their superior effectively and had a plan to beat Carthage along woth their navy. Beyond shadow of doubt, Rome can defeat the Carthage by occuring them to surrender in the Punic war which was second time for them. 

References,

Jarus, O. (2012).  Carthage: Ancient Phoenician City-State.  LiveScience.com.  Retrieved March 4, 2021 from: https://www.livescience.com/24246-ancient-carthage.html.

factsanddetails.com. (n.d.).  Phoenician trade, seafaring, purple dye and mining.  Retrieved March 4, 2021 from:  http://factsanddetails.com/world/cat56/sub371/item1982.html

Mulligan, B. (2015).   Cornelius Nepos, ‘Life of Hannibal’. Latin Text, Notes, Maps, and Vocabulary.  Retrieved March 4, 2021 from: http://dcc.dickinson.edu/nepos-hannibal/second-punic-war






