
After reviewing the reading assignments this week, it’s time to put some of your new note-taking skills to use.

Choose a note-taking strategy that was presented in the unit. Then, use your note taking strategy to take notes on the following:

Smith, S., & Smith, R. (2015). Money trees (No. 663) [Audio Podcast Episode]. In Planet Money. NPR. https://www.npr.org/sections/money/2015/11/13/455941812/episode-663-money-trees

What note-taking strategy did you select? Why?
How will the note-taking strategy you selected help you study? How does this compare to other note-taking strategies you looked at this week? 



ANSWER:     In this week's assignments, I had already reviewed money trees. In my view, I had selected the read/write strategy to take the notes of my assignments. Because it is a very effective way to take notes of my all learning materials. Supporting my listening efforts are a very useful method to follow. Secondly, this method allows me to test and understand my learning materials. Thirdly, when I write those important keywords and ideas, it helps me greatly to remind the material I am already learning on it and gives me a sense of what my mentor wants the correct answer and how he thinks that is most important.         

      Overall, this method makes the ultimate note-taking guide for me which is very workable. Not only this method helps me to stay organized but also it helps me to keep track of all my work timely. By using paper and writing my all-important notes help me find my material easily and create a clean note. By highlighting, underlining, or drawing arrows or exclamation points helps me to use visual cues for my note-taking strategy which is also a kind of a difficult process. This method assists me to remind me to spend more time reviewing my work.  

  Note-taking strategies to help in my study very strongly. For example, it helps me keep track of all my sources by re-reading my notes. When I write any difficulty while writing notes, I always use quoted a source, paraphrased my writing, summarized my notes, and try to create creative and original ideas and responses. Secondly, revising my own notes also another efficient process. It helps by creating my own cues and questions which are based on class notes. Finally one of the most fruitful ways is the critical analysis note-taking process. This allows me to think deeply and research my topics and then write down all the important ideas.  By comparing and contrasting other writing formats gives me appropriate ideas and thoughts. For example, focusing my writing by analyzing, clarifying the meaning, comparing, and evaluating all work trying to figure out the writing lacking is a very active way to learn all notes taking methods. 



  In my opinion, I had read the money tree's topics and which was the report of the Amazon rain forest. The story was about global warming, which the reporters were talking about how air pollution happening from motors and vehicles. Carbin is increasing day by day then oxygen. Thousands of rain forest is also burning and they are researching about Carbon to solve the problem and stop the pollution in the atmosphere. They are talking in there to show how to stop damage and carbon pollution by decreasing using vehicles which produce pollution in our environment. If I compare this strategy, I would say focusing on accurate tasks helps and a lot to research and analysis of the concepts. By visualizing the connections and process also help me to read and produce the information to present in a visual format. 