Choose a conventional treatment or a CAM (Complementary and Alternative Medicine) treatment that you would like to learn more about. Find and read 2-3 articles or websites that have information about the treatment. Write about the treatment and the reasons why people are choosing it. You can also discuss why some people are not choosing to do the treatment. Include the potential benefits of the treatment as well as any potential side effects or risks. Discuss barriers to completing the treatment as well as concerns brought out in your research. What are the criticisms of the treatment and who is opposed to the treatment and what are their reasons for this? 

Share your thoughts about the treatment and include your unanswered questions and concerns as well as your overall opinion about whether the treatment is a good treatment in general. You can also share your own experiences related to the treatment if you have any.

The Written Assignment should be 2-3 double spaced pages in length, not including title or reference pages. (No abstract is needed.) Make sure your assignment is APA formatted and composed using Microsoft Word (or a similar word processing application), Times New Roman, 12-point font, and 1” margins. Please do not submit a PDF document. All papers must be able to be opened with Microsoft Word. Include headings (introduction, main section, and conclusion), citations, and a list of references in APA format. Edit for spelling and grammar errors. You can get assistance with APA formatting at:
Purdue Online Writing Lab. (n.d.). APA style introduction. Purdue University. https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/apa_style/apa_style_introduction.html



Papers will be assessed using the following criteria:

Student identified and described a conventional treatment or CAM treatment
There was a clear introduction to the treatment that provided enough information to understand on a basic level what the treatment is 
Student discussed the benefits and risks of the treatment 
Student included information about why people may or may not choose to do the treatment
Student included their own opinion about the treatment
There was a conclusion to the paper that made it obvious the paper was finished
Student used 2-3 websites or articles to support their paper
Paper is 2-3 pages in length, not including the title and reference pages 
All references cited in APA format, with a source list 
Paper professionally written without spelling or grammar errors 



ANSWER:



WRITTEN ASSIGNMENT UNIT 4

HEALTH PSYCHOLOGY (PSYC 1111)

UNIVERSITY OF THE PEOPLE


Conventional Treatment Or CAM Treatment


Introduction:

The in-depth use of Complementary and Alternative Medicine (CAM) is one of the most important importance to today`s fitness care customers, practitioners, researchers, and coverage makers. Most of those opportunity drugs are to be had for buy at the shelf for clients to select, in contrast to prescribed drugs via way of means of doctors. Complementary and Alternative Medicine (CAM) seek advice from the usage of scientific merchandise and practices now no longer blanketed in trendy scientific care. Some human beings undertake those practices at the same time as others don`t. In this case, we will speak Traditional Chinese Medicine as an example.

Information approximately the Chinese Complementary Medicine Treatment:

Traditional Chinese Medicine makes use of numerous frame and thoughts practices such as acupuncture(needles located lightly at one pore and skin), Cupping (Heated cups, located in your pores and skin that create suction), herbs (Capsules from plants, teas, and powder), meditation (Sitting quietly and calming your thoughts), moxibustion (Those are dried herbs which can be burned close to your pores and skin) and Tai Chi exercise (Involves gradual motion and focusing at the breath (Wong, 2020). Acupuncture is a way wherein specific frame factors are inspired through using skinny needles thru the pores and skin. Acupuncture kindles the frame to launch herbal painkillers, and it typically stimulates regions withinside the mind which can be worried in processing pain. It allows for easing persistent pains like low-back pain, neck pain, carpal tunnel syndrome, and osteoarthritis pain. It additionally allows in minimizing anxiety complications and acts to save you migraine complications (Wong, 2020). Traditional Chinese Medicine now and again makes use of natural merchandise to deal with many clinical troubles like stroke, intellectual disorders, coronary heart disease, and a few US residents some other international locations use them.

People have distinctive views on using Traditional Chinese Medicine. Some decide on it because it facilitates dealing with situations like allergies, insomnia, excessive blood pressure, and fertility at low fees as compared to the usual medications (Coghlan, Maker, & Crighton, 2015). However, a few human beings don`t decide on it due to ideals that natural merchandise is now and again infected with undeclared flowers or animal materials, ensuing greater fitness issues as opposed to treatment. Some human beings declare that in acupuncture, no sterile needles are obtrusive and might settlement different sicknesses consequently heading off it. Some of the limitations to Traditional Chinese Medicine encompass stiff worldwide opposition from different areas who provide drug treatments that serve the identical cause greater correctly with fewer fitness risks, as withinside the case of Traditional Chinese Medicine (Liu et al., .2016). The fitness hazard would possibly grow to be an undertaking to a person finishing the treatment. Scientific critics exist on whether or not Traditional Chinese Medicine is scientifically proven. They oppose the aid of using explaining that many causes from conventional practitioners aren't primarily based totally on tough medical evidence; consequently, they oppose the treatment. In my opinion, I suppose this sort of opportunity medication is ideal in particular whilst one is present process a few worrying situations. But I could now no longer recommend taking herbs in view that now and again they affect our bodies in a single manner or another.

Conclusion:

To a few human beings, Complementary and Alternative Medicine may offer specific views into their existing elements which could affect their health. Excessive excellent medical trials were displaying that opportunity drugs can deal with diseases, so it`s vital for us now no longer to self-deal with in case of popular care.

References,

Wong, K. (2020). Health Benefits of Traditional Chinese Medicine. In Very well Health. Com.Retrieved   from https://www.verywellhealth.com/traditional-chinese-medicine-what-you-need-to-know-88936

Coghlan L.,  Maker G.,   &  Crighton.  (2015). Combined  DNA,  toxicological  and  heavy metalanalyses provide an auditing toolkit to improve pharmacovigilance of traditional ChineseMedicine (TCM)

Liu,  Y,  Yang,   Z,   Cheng   J,   &   Fan   D   (2016).   Barriers   and   Countermeasures   in   DevelopingTraditional   Chinese   Medicine   in   Europe.   Retrievedfrom https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27465827/

