Your posts should cover the questions below in full, and be at least 300 words long. Then reply to and peer-review at least three other posts by next Wednesday 11:59PM UoPeople Time, and rate the posts and replies.

This week, please look online and read the week’s learning guide and the textbook chapters. Then, research different forms of alternative (renewable) energy forms available.

Choose two, and then answer the following questions:

What does the term “renewable” mean?

Which two renewable energy forms did you choose?

For each, describe two benefits.

For each, describe two drawbacks.

Which of these you feel would best serve your community? Why? Explain.

According to The WWF Energy Report prepared by WWF and Ecofys, “by 2050, we could get all the energy we need from renewable sources.” What is your response to this statement?
Some links to help you get started:

Energy.gov: Wind Energy Renewable Energy Geothermal Basics

United States Environmental Protection Agency - renewable energy

World Bank: Sun Rises on the Solar Sector

Energy Information Administration (EIA) on renewable energy in the USA

Any materials cited should be referenced using the style guidelines established by the American Psychological Association (APA).



ANSWER:

What does the term “renewable” mean?

The term renewable is used to define resources that can be used continually without out being replenished. Renewable sources of energy like wind power or hydropower do not produce air pollutants or emissions and they are inexhaustible as they are naturally replaced. 

Which two renewable energy forms did you choose?

The two forms of energy I chose are Hydropower and wind power. 

For each, describe two benefits.

Both hydropower and wind power they provide clean source of energy as there no emissions released into the air.  Hydropower stations can provide flood control and become a source of recreation activities fishing. It can also provide clean water to neighboring communities that can be used for farming or domestic activities.Wind power is cost-effective because there are no fuel costs associated with its production. Thereis an economical use of land where wind turbines are installed. The land beneath can be used for other activities like farming. 

For each, describe two drawbacks.

Hydro water: 

Changes in water temperature can affect the species living in the water like fish and other plants. The migration of fish is affected when water is diverted to the hydro water reservoir. The fish and other species’ population may be reduced, killed, or injured in the process of running the turbines. 

Wind power:

Since wind power is dependent on wind, the amount of energy produced in a day can fluctuate depending on how fast or slow the wind blows.The wind turbines are loud; hence they can cause noise pollution, hence affecting people and animals around them. 

Which of these do you feel would best serve your community? Why? Explain.

Wind power is could best serve my community as it is less costly and does not need a lot of space to run. It provides a clean source of energy; it is free and unlimited. 

According to The WWF Energy Report prepared by WWF and Ecofys, “by 2050, we could get all the energy we need from renewable sources.” What is your response to this statement?

The production and sustainability of renewable energy is a collaborative effort. If we all come together and embrace the recommendations by ECOFYS, we could be on our way to using 100%renewable energy. For example, the report recommends the promotion and sharing of renewable energy through grids and trade. By doing so, we are able to channel our energies into recycling,and efficient management of waste materials hence reduced the impact on the climate. (Jeffries, 2011).

Switching to renewable could also ensure that more people have access to electricity thus supporting more economic activities. Overdependence on fuel and gas across the world could lead to its depletion hence renewable energy becomes the best alternative as it cannot be exhausted. 

References,

Jeffries B. (2011). The energy report 100% renewable energy by 2050. WWF The Energy ReportInt.



