Learning Journal Unit 5
Summarize, in Your own words (do not copy from the website) two of the methods for sustainable agriculture from “Solutions: Advance Sustainable Agriculture: Using science-based practices, we can produce abundant food  while preserving our soil, air and water” including all hyperlinks used.

List one method that you think would work well in your local village/town/region. Why would it work well? Explain.

Please outline in your own words, one other new thing you learned this week in the course. How does it apply to your life?

ANSWER:

Summarize, in Your own words (do not copy from the website) two of the methods for sustainable agriculture.

Employing sustainable methods not only ensures that we have environmentally friendly practices, but also safe ways of producing the food that we eat. In the wake of climate change, the use of biotechnological methods to cater to the rising food demand continues to increase. Stakeholders from across the globe continue to find ways whereby we can reach food adequacy while using methods that are deemed environmentally safe. The document on sustainable agriculture discusses how farmers can manage their farming activities sustainably to revitalize the agricultural land. By correctly managing farms, food production can occur efficiently. (Union of Concerned Scientists, n.d). To ensure that the agricultural land is not over-utilized, we should realize the ecosystem is also self-regulating, and a lot of factors come to play for theenvironment to work seamlessly. Of course, human activities are a major contributorto how the ecosystem operates, nevertheless, we cannot negate that nature also plays its part. In this article, two of the methods discussed include restoring soil health and diversifying farm landscapes. Soil restoration involves using methods avoid soil depletion and damaging the organisms that help the soil perform optimally. Scientists encourage the reduced use of fertilizers and other chemicals, planting cover crops to prevent soil erosion, trees around the farm to preserve nutrients and water as well as alternating crops all year round to improve soil fertility. (Union of Concerned Scientists, n.d).

To diversify the farm landscape farmers are advised to incorporate more ways into farming activities like animal and livestock rearing to minimize the use of chemical inputs.  By leaving some parts of the farm cultivated can help prevent soil erosion and preserve soil nutrients.

List one method that you think would work well in your local village/town/region. Why would it work well? Explain.

The area I live in currently is not big on agriculture, however thinking about my ruralareas, I believe planting cover crops can be a practical way of maintaining soil health. My community is highly dependent on corn as it provides the staple food for many households, therefore most farmers plant corn every season. Adding legumes like beans or peas in between the cornrows can help in slowing erosion, maintainingnutrients, holding moisture, and improving organic matter.


Please outline in your own words, one other new thing you learned this week in the course. How does it apply to your life?

This week I learned the benefits of using renewable energy, however, the most intriguing part was to learn that we can reach 100% renewable energy usability by 2050. According to a report by The WWF Energy Report, the growing overdependence on fuel and gas could lead to its depletion, thus we should all cometogether and embrace the use of hence renewable energy because it is inexhaustible. (Jeffries, 2011). I can take part in the sustainability effort, and the useof renewable energy by conserving energy in small ways at home. It applies in my life because the more we use nonrenewable energy the more we pollute the environment and increase greenhouse gases. This leads to climate change and illness which affects all aspects of my life directly and indirectly.

In conclusion:
The sustainability is a concerted effort, if we all came together, we can achieve much more. Farming is an important economic activity therefore preservingit through sustainable measures can save from future food inadequacy. Small-scale farmers should also be educated on the methods of sustainable agriculture.


References,


Jeffries B. (2011). The energy report 100% renewable energy by 2050. WWF The Energy Report Int.

Sustainable Agriculture. Union of Concerned Scientists. (n.d.). https://www.ucsusa.org/food/sustainable-agriculture#.Vjs4KijGbnc