// learning journal


Learning Journal Unit 8
For your Learning Journal, answer the following questions:

Looking back at all we have studied this term, what are one or two things that have an impact on you and why?  
Discuss how you are going to employ some of what you learned going forward in your life.
The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources.



ANSWER:

Reflection in trendy may be very critical in our lives as it enables us to the degree our beyond and realize how we are able to circulate on in advance with the existing and the future. Looking lower back at something you've got completed in life, can both motivate you to alternate from awful or low overall performance to higher overall performance. That is why searching or reflecting on your life, can provide you with the braveness to attempt and paintings tougher for success.

Relating this to high school lecturers can be of identical significance to students. Putting myself inside the shoes, I can say that the direction has truly helped me to recognize much stuff that I by no means knew about my life. Even my stage of questioning has progressed to some other stage wherein I can use my emotional intelligence and essential questioning in a fantastic manner to investigate a few instances or conditions in my life.


However, matters that I discovered for the duration of this time period and that they impacted me in a superb manner are the “Myers Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI)”. The advent of MBTI in my lifestyle has virtually impacted me and the device virtually helped me to recognize my conduct and the conduct of different human beings around me, and I stand in a higher function to recognize my personality (INFJ) which I in no way knew before. Thus consider that this course has given me loads to know. “Batool, B. F. (2013). Emotional intelligence and powerful leadership, Journal of Business Studies Quarterly, 4(3),84-94”.

Another element that I found out on this path is the significance of “Non-Violent Communication (NVC)”. This is every other crucial device of talent that helped me to construct my communique and the way to narrate myself to different human beings without the use of phrases in an effort to affect, harm them or cause them to experience bad. It is a totally crucial device concerning etiquette or language in general.

Another vital device is “Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats, (SWOT)”. The SWOT evaluation device may be very beneficial to me. It has helped me to triumph over fears, weaknesses, and driven me to accept myself as true with greater confidence in myself. I usually had worries that “I can't do it”. But the device truly influenced me and I overcame my fears and weaknesses.

I moreover became given the danger to analyze and understand a manner to deliver and keep of comments. Feedback can be very critical due to the fact they facilitate us to develop and enhance ourselves. Therefore, I became excited to get hold of comments from my classmates due to the fact from there I became capable of recognizing my strengths and weaknesses as properly and I labored tough to accomplish them.


In my second factor of view, I am profoundly sure that the entirety that I even have even located out can be very crucial, and I am going to apply them in my life. Using the ENFJ in my existence, I will observe it simply so I will recognize the behavior, emotions, and emotions of various humans simply so I will understand the manner to go along with them. I consider it calls for unique skills, and positivity must be the principal pillar in accomplishing this. The NVC is some other super device that I am going to use in my existence to construct my profession so I can match anywhere I may match or any agency I may also manifest to paintings for. Using this device in my existence will benefit me in constructing my conversation more potent and be in a function of respecting different people's critiques even though I disagree with them. Also giving feedback to someone within the problem of exertions in a way that she or he could be capable of receiving it and be with within the characteristic of information, their potentials and strengths, building him or herself.

Finally, the use of the SWOT Analysis device will support me to control myself in each area. The device will support me to acquire the desires and targets that I set to achieve success. In the future, I may work for any enterprise; and I ought to follow this SWOT, for my desires and targets might be achieved. Therefore, the use of the equipment noted above will absolutely assist me to achieve success in my existence as a person.



References:

The Myers & Briggs Foundation. (n.d.). The 16 MBTI types. https://www.myersbriggs.org/mymbti-personality-type/mbti-basics/the-16-mbti-types.htm

Batool, B. F. (2013). Emotional intelligence and effective leadership, Journal of Business Studies Quarterly,4(3),84-94.
