Learning Journal Unit 5
We have read a number of short stories now in various genres. In order to truly understand literature, you need to write as well as read. For your Learning Journal you will write one short story from any of the genres we have covered (or will cover) this term. Note: This means to write your OWN story that YOU made up. Also, this is the SAME story that we will use to rewrite for the rest of the quarter.

This is your chance to write a complete work of original fiction. It can be as little as 400 words or as much as 800 words.  Anything under 400 words or over 800 words will be considered not a proper submission and the grade will be heavily affected.

ANSWER:

She doesn't need anymore cleaner's, but it's in her schedule and she goes there every week and she must be quick though since a minute can't be off and tidy lady will meet tidy man moreover, she prepared herself and went off.


I must say everything goes according to plan again. That's Ms. Harbinsburg for you, even election daycan't stop her from following her strict schedule. "Life is short", she tells herself, "and you should only be doing what's necessary". And today's necessity is Mr. Galowsworp's brand new ultra maximum mop, only for 3,99. And despite this broom being 1 dollar more expensive only to add the word "ultra", it's in her schedule. She knows it makes sense because it's her schedule, like going out smiling and pretty, like acting dumb and attractive, like being in love to be happy. It's in the schedule, and she has been doing it all her life for her to change anything. It makes sense. Mr. Galowsworp being her "meant-to-be" also makes sense. Why? Because he's respectable; he's adored. Who wouldn't want that. She guesses she also wants that. But I mean he doesn't really treat her well selling her overpriced mops. And maybe, starting the day with a different breakfast would be nice. Orwearing spontaneous clothing. Or maybe not going to the same store every Wednesday. Stop. Ms. Harbinsburg is being nonsense questioning things again. Let's start over.

The day of Ms. Harbinsburg always go according to plan. And by according to plan, I mean everythingis messed up and she's completely lost. She's broken. She feels like her whole reality is a lie. And the lab breaks into gleeful cheers. They did it. Artificial intelligence really has the capabilities of questioning their narrow and repeated virtual environments when it has gathered enough information. The case of model 10800 a.k.a "Ms. Harbinsburg" shows that there is a possibility that asubject within a simulation can question and go insane on themselves to break the cycle. That's one more step for humanity towards finding out about their own reality. And whether, we ourselves are trapped in the same "schedule" like that of Ms. Harbinsburg.

----->


When it comes to the day of Ms Harbinsburg, every minute of every second of her day is meticulously planned. It is here where Ms Harbinsburg picks up the daily outfit she wears as she begins the day, and I must say I have never seen a closet more ordered than that of the lovely woman. She already has the clothes arranged for her, so it wouldn't be accurate to say "pick" since her clothes are always arranged for the day, and today is Wednesday, so a cute little sundress would be appropriate. She had breakfast with eggs, and also met her new "crush" Mr Galowsworp, the manager of the cleaner manufacturer that she hired to provide her house with the latest, coolest cleaner every Wednesday. In her schedule, she has to go there every week despite not needing any cleaners and she must be quick as a moment can't be wasted and the tidy lady will meet the tidy man and she prepared herself and went. 

