We shall experiment with creative character analysis as outlined in the lecture notes. You are to pick ONE character from any of the stories you’ve read this term and create a basic ‘online dating’ profile for them.   Remember to include: Either the Character’s ‘real’ name or an online name; a physical description of the character; the likes and dislikes of the character; and what the character is looking for in a date.


ANSWER:

ENGL 1405 - World Literature

University of the People

Katherine Burton (Instructor) 

I have determined Fear & Loathing in America through Thompson (2001) lots interesting. And there's no question that Mr Thompson has saved my interest all manner. The manner he began the tale is absolutely appealing. He began out with the information that there has been an assault at World Trade Center and updates on Football appeared irrelevant. So, he began to speak to me approximately the assault and its feasible impacts. I like this person very lot as he writes with feeling. It suggests how he turned stricken by the assault and therefore he desired to reveal how he loves America and the World Center buildings.


On the opposite hand, the tale commenced with information updates and furnished data approximately whether or not specific sports activities are probably postponed or not. The tale furnished plenty of data on plenty of video games and I discovered no attractive content material in it. Actually, I even have a completely long pass via the tale simply due to the fact I want it. to. On the opposite hand, the tale has saved my interest complete and persuaded me to finish the tale.

A lot of records are not desirable sufficient to attract the readers' attention. It's additionally critical how the records are designed to provide to the readers. In the case of the tale, the author has mentioned plenty of critical records like how livid the assault was, how a few human beings without a weapons handy have hijacked a few planes and made one of the tragic injuries withinside the records of the United States, how George Bush's $350 billion "Star Wars" missile protection gadget failed, how the attack was going to begin a brand new battle and so forth in a completely expert way. If the examine the duration of the item and that of the tale, we will locate the tale is shorter however it in reality incorporates an awful lot greater records.

I can finish via way of means of announcing that this individual is regarded to be a tall guy, bodily in shape and a person like sporting out. The individual is asking ahead to look America is taking return the manage of the assault and punishing all of the those who engaged in it. He is ready to look all of the postponed football games to being performed once more as soon as the whole thing returned to normal. His feeling about soccer makes his date true.


References: 

Thompson S. H. (2001). Retrieved from http://proxy.espn.com/espn/page2/story?id=1250751 on PST July 22, 2018



