Your final exam is next week; you will have a four-day window to take your exam. (While the unit is open the full week, you can only take your exam Thursday, Friday, Saturday, or Sunday).  Answer the following in the discussion forum:

What strategies will you use to prepare for your final exam?
Do you have, or have you ever had test-taking anxiety? What strategies will you use to manage test anxiety?



ANSWER:        The strategies I would use to prepare for my final exam self-directed learning strategy. Firstly I will create my own study guide and plans to understand all the learning materials I had to learn in this course. I need to outline all the most necessary notes, information that would help in my study. If I am confused, I would ask my instructor's question about exam time ad materials that I need to be prepared for. I also need to attend the review session in my discussion class virtually for the important exam topics. Need to take preparation as early as I can and make a schedule also. Besides this, I need to keep organizing and all my learning processes. I need to create a study plan and need to be focused on the study plan and also try to practice self-quiz myself and give priority in my study time as well as I need to reorganize my notes which I used to make during my assessment time.



   Actually, I take many exams and tests so I do not have that's much anxiety, but I am giving an exam online for the first time so some anxiety is also happening in my mind. I am trying to manage my stress and nerves and preparing myself to reduce it. Basically, to boost my exam confidence and staying calm I am preparing myself and study my old learning materials. Also, discussing the exam material with other students in the group about the topics also. Trying to familiarize me with the online exam environment by giving self-quiz tests. Studying more resources online that are related to my course topics. I am using my all-time efficiently and focusing on the chapter I had already learn and do my tasks during the exam.

