Reflection Topic: Learning Outcomes
Congratulations on reaching the last full week of UNIV 1001: Online Education Strategies. Throughout the term, we have learned a lot together. We have focused on effectively navigating UoPeople courses, understanding the process and impact of peer assessment, and examining and developing key learning skills such as critical thinking and self-directed learning. We have also worked to understand and apply important strategies for reading, studying, APA citations and references, time management, stress management, and test management.

For your last journal entry, reflect on the different things you have learned over the term. Then, in a 500 word journal entry, answer the following:

What was the most useful strategy you learned during this course? How will you apply this strategy in your future studies here at UoPeople?
What was the most surprising thing you learned this term? Why did it surprise you?
Peer assessment is a unique education model. Think back to how you felt about peer assessment at the beginning of the term, and compare that to your feelings now. How have your feelings changed? Are you more comfortable with peer assessment? Have you learned something new while assessing your peer’s work?
APA Exercise
We have also worked hard to develop our APA skills, so be sure to practice your APA citations and references by including at least two references and two in-text citations.

Note: If you are struggling, try reviewing the UoPeople APA tutorials in the LRC.


ANSWER: 

      As we know the acquisition of knowledge or skills through experience, study, or by being self-taught is a most useful learning strategy. During my course, I had accomplished lots of knowledge. I could able to learn how to write and APA exercises and written assessments and how to post a discussion in the group in an online classroom. I am going to apply this strategy in my future studies here at UoPeople by using these skills in my professional life. In my opinion, The most effective method I had to learn was how to use time and stress management and self-directed learning. Because as UoPeople is an online university, this course helps me how to use online learning strategies to complete all tasks on the time. This lesson is most workable for me in my online education curriculum. Besides this, Time management is the most useful method to follow in my future social and corporate life also, as this has increased my productivity and motivation. 



  Secondly, The most surprising thing I had been learning in the term is rewriting the APA exercise. As I had never rewrite any APA exercise assessment. As my instructor guide me on how to write a well APA exercise clearly and always follow this writing format instruction. It was a great experience to write a written assessment again and this helps me to learn how to become descriptive in my assessment. I had learned how I could write an assessment in different ways and presents it various format. On the other hand, I had also learned how to study by note taking and apply those strategies in distance learning methods. By taking a note also would help to think critically and logically and also I could research more about the topic I am going to demonstrate in my assessments. 



   Peer assessment is a great education model and an effective way to learn. But at the beginning of the term, I was very happy to write peer assessments and I thought I could learn a lot. But after comparing it with now I had been got very disappointed. Because I always write according to my instructor's question. But some of my peer assessments some peer had intentionally given me poor marks without reviewing my whole hard work. I had felt very sad because one of my peers review my work perfectly and either peer had did not review my work and did not comment on the aspects and failed me in my written assessment. A peer must need to review another peer work carefully without reviewing giving marks is not acceptable. For this reason, I am not feeling comfortable with the peer assessment and it is unfair to judge a person without looking at his or her hard work. Moreover, I had to learn a lot of things from peer assessment is writing as I always review my peer works carefully and gave them marks. As a result, peer assessment was a great workable method to collaborate with each other to work and learn a different strategy on how different people could think and explain their own views and thoughts. 



APA Exercise:

Revising and Reflecting: How Assessment of APA Style Evolved Over Two Assessment Cycles in an Undergraduate Communication Program

Amy L. Housley Gaffney, https://www.jstor.org/stable/10.5325/jasseinsteffe.5.2.0148



This study presents one undergraduate program's analysis of a writing-centered learning outcome, operationalized in terms of the American Psychological Association (APA) style, using a standardized rubric. Various data have been also analyzed by American Psychological Association (APA) style and they had declared the various problems in these areas as well as they also improve those data and set well concerns that workable result will be if a student assesses the writing give a revision would able to make a good result. Many students also stopped to write cite sources and parenthetical citations in their writing method which has become once and again disappointed because they just want to write to pass the grade exam, said Park, Mardis, and Ury (2011). On the other hand, most students also get desperate for referencing sources as well as writing is always attached to major courses for the academic curriculum, said to Bazerman et al. (2005).



REFERENCES,

Housley Gaffney, A. (2016). Revising and Reflecting: How Assessment of APA Style Evolved Over Two Assessment Cycles in an Undergraduate Communication Program. Journal of Assessment and Institutional Effectiveness, 5(2), 148-167. doi:10.5325/jasseinsteffe.5.2.0148



Housley Gaffney, Amy L. “Revising and Reflecting: How Assessment of APA Style Evolved Over Two Assessment Cycles in an Undergraduate Communication Program.” Journal of Assessment and Institutional Effectiveness, vol. 5, no. 2, 2016, pp. 148–167. JSTOR, www.jstor.org/stable/10.5325/jasseinsteffe.5.2.0148. Accessed 25 Oct. 2020.








  