
Based on this week’s readings, review the first three modules and working with peer assessment tools answer one or more of the following three questions:

What part of the material covered thus far presents the biggest challenge for me?

What are my two strong points in providing feedback and what are the two points I need to work on and why?

What are my two strong points in receiving feedback and what are the two points I need to work on and why?
Your Discussion should be at least 250 words in length, but not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references for the textbook and any other sources used.


ANSWER:

ANSWER 1:

By providing definitive comments changed into the largest venture for me due to the fact so frequently I don`t have phrases or mind approximately what I can say approximately the paintings provided to me as a few appears much like me however in a one of a kind way (of their very own way), and I am restrained to a few strengthen grammars and vocabulary in try to offer an “honest try to assist the recipient to enhance his performance, behavior, understanding, relationships, or interpersonal skills.”, important to my peers (Section 4. Providing Corrective Feedback., n.d., para. 1). I recognize that comments are crucial to make enhance ourselves.

ANSWER 2:

My sturdy factors in supplying feedback are: Short and directly forward, and simply simple. After having read “Section 4. Providing Corrective Feedback” (n.d.) I can see why it's miles critical to offer a quiet now no longer too prolonged feedback essential for extruding. And extrude isn't bad. It blessings each aspect from a sure factor of view. Therefore – the 2 factors that I would like to paintings on are: getting ready a few phrases suitable to assemble high-quality feedback, and sentences that aren't too biased as a substitute supportive in essences.

ANSWER 3:

I apprehend that “corrective remarks have to be introduced in this kind of manner and with the aid of using such someone that it is going to be attended to, instead of surely arousing defensiveness, denial, or anger.” (Section 4. Providing Corrective Feedback, n.d., para. 3) With that said – of course, first, I intend to recognition on myself as an individual with feelings due to the fact there had been instances in which I view my feedback as grievance instead of as a notion of in want of alternate. Second, I want to get my concern with recognition which is an important aspect for alternate. And alternate my perspectives of grievance into an opportunity for improvements.


Reference,

Section 4. Providing Corrective Feedback. (n.d.). Retrieved May 3, 2020, from https://ctb.ku.edu/en/table-of-contents/advocacy/encouragement-education/corrective-feedback/main


