Learning Journal Unit 4
You began your MBTI Partner Project last week in Unit 3. Refer to the Learning Guide in Unit 3 for detailed instructions. Your MBTI Partner Project is due by the end of this unit. Use this area to submit your MBTI Partner Project. This project will be assessed by your instructor based on the following criteria:

The feedback provided to your peer (minimum of 150 words). 
A description of the exercise you completed with your peer partner
Provides comments on what you learned during the discussion process 
Shows good academic writing skills (punctuation, grammar, and spelling).
Parts 2 and 3 must be a total of 200 words combined. 

ANSWER:
The feedback I had provided my peer:

Thank you for spending time with me and displaying me such a lot of incredible matters which can be new to me as a pupil. Your week 4 magazine undertaking became excellent due to the fact it's miles educative, encouraging, and stimulated that I adore and preserve on studying via in many instances because of the exquisite paintings accomplished you submitted. It became a pleasure speaking with you to talk about the undertaking and comments as well. I even have advocated your undertaking to be posted in any magazine for the advantage of many college students due to the fact you've got confirmed an excessive quality of professionalism for your paintings. Therefore, I even have given nicely optimistic comments to preserve you from heading in the right direction with the paintings and awareness. Having conversations with me at some point of this week is a manifestation of your willpower as a pupil who is prepared to head the greater mile and analyze past your course. You have additionally confirmed in writing the type chief you will be with inside the destiny and who might be prepared to paintings as a group and additionally to clear up a few issues whilst arises.



A description of the exercise which we completed with my peer partner Shirin Jamshidi:

My associate peer whom I was collaborating the learning journal and I collectively have a video communication and are determined to do a workout approximately feeling. For example, I defined to her that I have terrible emotions and fine emotions. My terrible emotions are; anger, stress, and unhappiness those movements are confirmed once I had been disregarded or dealt with unfairly which may be outrageous. Equally, I additionally explicit to her my fine emotions; happiness, joy, and pleasure if I am having been dealt with fairly, now no longer being disregarded, understanding, etc, on the way to spell a grin on my face.

I had been provides some comments on what I had learned while working on the discussion process:

Al over this week 3 and 4, my peer and I shared quite a few facts at the techniques that help us to control and organizing ourselves, in addition to the plans that we are able to put in force to assist us to be position models. And, in terms of mind-set and speaking with others, how I can gift myself, maximize my strengths whilst decreasing my flaws to their level. I additionally discovered the way to manipulate my emotion that I can capable of paintings or stay in any community. However, the dialogue has simply boosted my expertise and feeling closer to different human beings and additionally to fee them as human beings irrespective of who you're or in which you return back from.

The companion I selected to be a part of this week's mastering magazine is a fellow peer Shirin Jamshidi. Shirin became the great choice for me as she became my same character kind in the operating surroundings and we proportion the equal character kind in our personal capacity. Her MBTI is ENFJ as same as mine.

My peer Shirin Jamshidi MBTI is ENFJ.

My MBTI was ENFJ.

Shirin Jamshidi Discussion:

1. What is a positive attitude? 

Being optimistic about ourselves and the situations and interactions defines us as people with a positive attitude. Although I hope for the best, I try to prepare for the worst. Therefore, the conditions seem easier to handle in a hard situation. In the case of leaders, I believe they must have a positive attitude as an intrinsic behavior to survive and succeed in their work and life.



2. To what extent do you have it? 

I have proved that I have a positive attitude even in a difficult situation. I may temporarily lose it in a challenging situation, but I will get back to track quickly with deep thinking and an accepting attitude. So, I do my best to work and perform my daily activities with a positive attitude irrespective of the negative and challenging situation that I am in. I can say that it is part of me to live with a positive attitude.



3. If you have a positive attitude, what actions might you display? 

I have the following strategies i) I try to see the probable opportunities in tough situations. ii) I motivate my team members, and I show empathy with them and relate with them. iii) I am optimistic with my actions and trust myself. iv)  I am always grateful and try to see the path rather than the snapshot of a difficult situation.



4. How do you communicate it? 

For having a positive attitude, we need to communicate it properly. i) we always need to allow people to explain their actions rather than jump to conclusions. We must listen with no bias and with an open mind. ii) having dialogue and learning how to have it with people around us is very helpful. This will be useful to focus on the facts rather than the people’s personalities. iii) This can be very helpful if we praise people as everyone loves to be appreciated. Therefore, it can be a very useful characteristic that should be our lifestyle (Lochner, 2021).



5. What does a positive attitude “look” like to others? 

People with positive attitudes remain hopeful because they can see the best even in difficult situations, so in the eyes of others, they are with a strong mindset, and they are the survivors. People can read it in the others. Therefore, they can either be drawn to people with a positive attitude or be far from those with a negative attitude.



6. How do we differ in expressing our respective positive attitudes? 

There is a belief that our whole lives are based on our choices, and they determine how we live. But we are different, so we have different tendencies, and we see the world and situations differently, and it is totally based on our personalities and characteristics. Consequently, those who consider positive attitudes an impossible task would consider choices as the determinant factor. However, optimistic people believe that they are the determinant factor, not their choices.



7. How are we the same in expressing positivity?

Since everyone would like to be successful in their life, they have a level of the trait of a positive attitude. In general, people with positive attitudes are hopeful, and this helps them be survivors and come out of every tough situation.



8. What is a negative attitude? 

A negative attitude is being pessimistic about everything and any situation in work and life. People with negative attitudes never see the opportunities. They are such losers who fear and fail in their daily lives and work.



9. If you have a negative attitude, what actions might you display? 

Anyone with a negative attitude usually displays a lack of faith, and they are always gloomy. They are also unable to deliver their tasks, and they have uncontrollable emotions.

10. How does your communication look like? 

An individual with a negative attitude will communicate with a closed mind rather than an open mind. Hence, they usually complain about the situation, people and their actions, and everything else. They judge people easily and jump to conclusions about their actions.

11. What does a negative attitude “look” like to others?

A negative attitude seems contagious and vision killer to the other people. It can affect the performance and motivation of the people, so they try to keep their distance from those with negative attitudes.

12. How would you teach others to be more enthusiastic and motivated?

People love to work and live in a safe, pleasant, positive, and persuasive environment. Therefore, we need to motivate and persuade them intentionally and teach them how to be more enthusiastic. Leaders can model and simulate their path. They also can listen to their staff and give them feedback and suggestions or sometimes give them some input. Also, appreciation of the team members is very useful.

13. Which exercise from the NVC document would you choose to teach a group of people? Why?

Fellings exercise (CNVC, n.d) is my choice from the NVC document because it is highly likely responsive in dealing and getting along with people. People are going through a lot, and they suffer a lot during their daily lives. Therefore, they need others to be good listeners and empathize with them. Sometimes people cannot even realize why they are upset or low and why they can not be happy or prosperous in their life or work. So they need to be trained how to manage their emotions and feelings to be the best version of themselves.

References:

Lochner B. (2021). Here are 10 ways to be a more positive communicator. Retrieved from https://www.cornerstone-ct.com/2021/05/11/10-ways-positive-communicator/.

CNVC (n.d.). NVC Instruction Self-Guide. Retrieved from https://www.cnvc.org/online-learning/nvc-instruction-guide/nvc-instruction-guide



My Discussion:

What is a positive attitude? To what extent do you have it? If you have a positive attitude, what actions might you display? How do you communicate it? What does a positive attitude “look” like to others? How do we differ in expressing our respective positive attitudes? How are we the same in expressing positivity?

ANSWER:

An advantageous mind-set means we can say "positive attitude" is the expression of properly electricity thru phrases, actions, and thought. I consider I bring plenty advantageous mind-set closer to many situations. My point of view I can present the positivity is regularly surprising to others, I convey a revel in of gratitude and that gives me all the positivity I need, and as a result spreading it to others with the type and practical terms when they need it.



What is a negative attitude? If you have a negative attitude, what actions might you display? How does your communication look like? What does a negative attitude “look” like to others?

ANSWER:

A person that has a terrible mind-set means "negative attitude" suggests presentations of terrible speak approximately different human beings and have a worry of failure and making mistakes. They take no obligation for his or her moves and feature the choice guilty different human beings. My verbal exchange is to search for the “silver lining across the darkest cloud” after I have a stumble upon with someone that has a terrible mind-set I try to discover the tremendous with inside the state of affairs and the possibilities that it would represent. A terrible mind-set, in my opinion, represents someone with low vanity and coffee self-worth. This being said, it doesn't imply they're awful human beings; however, it represents a person this is suffering to clear up non-public insecurities.





How would you teach others to be more enthusiastic and motivated?

ANSWER: Effective methods to train others to be greater enthusiastic and influenced means which can motivate us are to well-known errors and locate innovative methods to solve errors and mastering from it, and now no longer to factor it out and reducing the person's self-esteem. Secondly, whilst someone encourages happiness, it has a tendency to rub off on humans, make certain to make it addiction to technique humans with enthusiasm and inspire them whilst they're feeling down



Which exercise from the NVC document would you choose to teach a group of people? Why?

ANSWER:

I might pick out with inside the NVC record is exercising 6, in addition, this exercising offers someone the possibility to have a look at and perceive their emotions and explaining what their wishes are and the motive why they may be experiencing the emotions that they may be going through. This exercising the character the possibility to recognize why the character in query has replied the manner they have and the way to successfully address destiny conditions accordingly. (Nuty, 2011).

In conclusion, I in my view cherished the content material of sporting events because it provided exclusive approaches to clear up

conditions. It offers someone the possibility to exercise mindfulness in phrases of spotting one's emotions and coming near the scenario with an open mind. Understanding the alternative parties' emotions and a view can deliver make clear why the character reacting in a positive manner, in addition, when coming near the scenario with an open-minded technique can increase someone's scope on the way to clear up the scenario or destiny conditions that could arise.

Reference

Nuty, J. (2011). A training manual on non violent communication. Society for Nutrition Education and Health Action.

