Learning Journal Unit 6
For this Learning Journal, you will revise the creative short story you wrote in Unit 5. You will write it in a different genre. It can be as little as 500 words or as much as 1000 words.  Your paper will be graded on keeping with the APA style, with the strength of your references,  and if the references you have actually fit into your thesis. Please read the rubric to find out how you are going to be graded.  

This assignment will be assessed by your instructor using the rubric below.

ANSWER:

Arriving early in the morning, they stayed for quite a while. A large number of ships descended upon the earth at the same time. We weren't prepared and they didn't give us a chance. They began attacking military bases, then power sources, and eventually communication towers.

What they didn't know or didn't count on is that humans are fighters, and we launched missiles and bombs and turned our weapons on their ships, and we also found ways to communicate with fellow humans throughout the globe, despite the destruction of satellites.

Our people learned their language both by reading and speaking it whenever a ship was brought to the ground, because whenever a ship was brought down, any and everything was examined. Doctors examined the dead to try to discover what their weaknesses were, and they studied the technology they used.

They expected a quick evacuation; we're still fighting back. Every time we learn something new, it is shared with other countries, so the aliens are bringing us together as one, uniting humans for one cause. Thousands of people have taken up residence in what were once fallout shelters and have become bunkered homes, so if anybody needs to commute overground, they will have to do so at night.

We thought we had a chance of turning it around, but the extraterrestrials weren't done so they released giant, hideous monsters that could mimic a human voice and cry for help, luring many people to their deaths.

To make sure that they were from a human, we now follow our communications with a series of clicks that confirm it's from a person.

They hunted day and night, searching for anything that moved and came into contact with it as they hungrily ate anything and everything around them, even the oceanic animals that came into contact with them fell prey to them, but if hunters found a weakness in a bunker, they swarmed it and tore it apart. As though sardines were packed in a can and people inside were sitting ducks; they fought valiantly but in the end, no one survived.



Katarina "Killy" Nakane is my name, and I fled with my family to Eagle Mountain, a military outpost ensconced deep inside a mountain, where my parents work on alien technology. Furthermore, I assist them when I can, but I am neither a scientist nor a soldier. Even though I am becoming both, I spend a majority of my time in the hydro gardens where we raise our food, or in the simulators where I am learning how to fly their craft, and use their weapons, and also my father does not like that I have developed soldiering skills. Especially worried are his concerns because I'm able to use their computers and their language is easy for me to understand. 

I am... hey I am in trouble, and we were in trouble! People are scrambling for deeper into the mountain to find a way out, but no one knows how the aliens found us. But I'm pretty sure my connecting to their computers led them straight to me. A large swarm of hunters have been trying to break through our defenses and people are scrambling to go deeper into the mountain or find a way out.


My abilities have been learned by the general in charge. Moreover, my parents are horrified by his idea that I am being used as a lamb to be slaughtered. The hunters have started chanting my name on multiple occasions, and they have increased their attempts to get inside. Also, why are the hunters chanting my name? Can my parents know that? 

The breakthrough has been made! There are screams all around me. Suddenly, there is gunfire! I am locked in my parents' lab by the general while my parents have been demoted to the lowest level. I desperately need your help! I am about to be arrested by them.


