
For your Discussion Assignment, you will write about the piece of children’s literature you read.  Please DO NOT summarize the story, but describe your thoughts and opinions that came to your mind while you read the story.

In addition, you must extend the discussion by responding to at least three (3) of your peers’ postings in the Discussion Forum and by rating their posts. Instructions for proper posting and rating are provided inside the Discussion Forum for each week.


ANSWER:

The story “The Surprise” by Lili Potpara is about a young girl who was gifted a bicycle by her father. The father paid for the bicycle via credit. The girl was not happy with the gift, as she wanted something else.While reading the story, I visioned a household, where there is a lot of tension between the mother and the father. Potpara (n.d.) made this evident when it was mentioned that the mother and father were not communicating and there was silence in the home. The family also appears to be strugglingfinancially because the father bought the bicycle with a loan. The image of a house that did not contain many items or furniture also came to my mind while reading the story. Potpara (n.d.) talked about the silence being deep and heavy and how it occasionally echoed. Empty rooms in houses often produce echoes because there is nothing to digest the sounds. Additionally, the image of a disappointed little girl comes to mind. Disappointed because she did not want a bicycle, but rather a pony (Potpara, n.d.).

References,

Potpara, L. (n.d.). The Surprise. The Free Library. (2014). https://www.thefreelibrary.com/The+Surprise.-a0306095470



Or,


The story I read for this week's discussion forum assignment is titled The Elves and the Shoemaker written by Jacob Grimm and Wilhelm Grimm (Grimm & Grimm, 2021).The first thing that came to my mind when I started reading the story is a phrase that my mother always told me when I was a little boy, that "in life for the only thing that there is no solution is for death." She will say if a person is going through difficult situations in their lives, that such a person needs to stay positive and focus with a lot of determination and faith, only will the personovercome all the difficulties and will be able to move forward. I like how the story went because the shoemaker did not bring his problems to bed and decided that in the morning he would take care of the problem. That is an excellent example for us too that we should imitate. One of the problems of our generation today is that we often bring the problems of our work home and those who suffer is our own family. Another thing that caught my attention is the appreciation that the shoemaker and his wife showed to the little elves. We must show gratitude when someone does something good for us nomatter how small. This kind of behavior will make our world a better place.I love this story because it will help bring out the best character in our children.

Reference,

Grimm, J. & Grimm, W. (2021, June 28). Fairy Tales (The Elves and the Shoemaker). Gutenberg. https://www.gutenberg.org/files/2591/2591-h/2591-h.htm