For this assignment, you are to tell any fairy tale you heard while growing up. Do NOT copy and paste something from the internet. Tell, in 2-3 paragraphs, what the story is about and what connection you have to it. This can be anything from a memory as a child or even a deeper meaning found as an adult.


ANSWER:


ENGL 1405 - World Literature

University of the People

Katherine Burton (Instructor) 

To start with, in the spirit of the vacation season, one fairy story that I heard at the same time as developing up is the idea of "Santa Claus". A heftier, older guy lives on the North Pole together along with his wife, Mrs Claus. He has a manufacturing unit with elves as his personnel and all they do every year, up till Christmas Eve, is makes toys for all the little desirable women and boys (and inventory up on coal for the awful ones). When December comes around, he`s at each mall, with youngsters coming to take a seat down on his lap and asking them what they need for Christmas. Then, while Christmas Eve comes around, Santa readies his sleigh with all the gifts (and coal) and flies, with the assistance of his 9 reindeer, to every and each domestic of the best and awful little women and boys. He lands on the roofs of houses, is going down the chimney (or thru the front door in the event that they do not have a chimney) and places their offers (or coal) beneath neath the tree and/or of their stockings. If milk and cookies are neglected for him, he'll additionally consume them. The connection that I needed to it, as a toddler, is that the magic of Christmas became alive and properly and that I could get offers for Christmas if I had been a great girl. However, as an adult, the mind of the one took a whole flip for the opposite. I knew that my parents, family and each form of mail/package deal transport truck accessible had been the actual "Santa Claus" and the reality that how a person that antique fly, tour to each residence seeing that new actual property is constantly being built, cross down chimneys and again up chimneys and no person is none the wiser can? Plus, the whole "creating a list, checking it twice" and "he sees you while you are sleeping, he is aware of while you are awake" bits additionally make me think: "how could he recognize each toddler on this Earth?" and "is not that simple a piece creepy/stalker-ish?", respectively. Plus, he cannot be at each mall on Earth at once. I locate it a disgrace that we're all instructed those lies as youngsters instead of the truth.


