Your posts should cover the questions below in full, and be at least 300 words long. Then reply to and peer-review at least three other posts by next Wednesday 11:59PM UoPeople Time, and rate the posts and replies.

One: If you live in the USA, then go to the EPA website at this following link, and at the bottom you will see a box titled “Your Community”... put in your zip code, and learn about land and environmental impacts in your local neighborhood. Then answer the questions below.

Environmental Protection Agency

Two: If you live in a country other than the USA, then research one local environmental or land use (agricultural or otherwise) concern or problem in your local area and country of residence. Then answer the questions below.

Some links to help you:

UNEP Africa

UNEP Asia

UNEP Europe

European Environment Agency

UNEP Latin America

Three: For all students choosing this DQ, also go to this link, and find your country on the list, then look at the ‘Environmental Snapshot’ file for it.

UN Statistics Division

Questions to Answer:

What environmental concerns in your local area did you learn about?

Did they surprise you? Why or why not?

What do you think can be done to improve this (these) situation(s), hazard(s), problem(s), or concern(s)?

Give two interesting facts that you learned about your country from the Environmental Snapshots page at the UN Statistics Division link.

What other thoughts would you contribute to the topic?
Any materials cited should be referenced using the style guidelines established by the American Psychological Association (APA).



ANSWER:


1. ANSWER: In the beginning, I had been learned about the local area which had few concerns regarding environmental. The main reason is air pollution as well as the waste of hazard. We can also entails that the air pollution as well as the land pollution also another facts. But in the area there could be some service gas stations or dry cleaners. 


2. ANSWER: Here, the outcome is not been important surprise me. If the area is not taken care well it could be maintained by the area in many terms to make clean and feasible. The city currently I am living is not really that better area and the reason is there are high population in my local area and the pollution is some sort. So, this is the reason the air or land polluting. The more reason is the large quantity of the population as well as diversity of emissions in my local area is one of the example because there are some dry cleaners and gas stations. I believe that the green local area plays a crucial role in our life and it could be maintainable to take care. 


3. ANSWER: The most right plan is to dispose the hazard things is necessary to combat the land pollution. The main reason is the dry cleaners can occur the air polluting which releases the toxic air pollution from the used of elixir in the dry cleaning and it can be sorted out by the decrease of the emissions in the source. The leaks can be checked in the businesses and we can maintain regularly on the equipment. It can be covered by the containers of infusion to drop the poison loss in the air and put at end to spills to occur. 


4. ANSWER: In the previous year there could be 2 percent growth ratio in the GDP. On the other hand, the remarkable drops of the fish catch was on the last year which was by -3 percent. 

5. ANSWER: In my own opinion, I can realize that the affective scheme could be given by the business or institutions which could able to diminish the pollution crucially. It can be taken the required actions and this can be prevented or decrease it. By the people who are taking training see they can kindly the necessary of the taken care of the environment. The most opposing impact could be occurred by the not doing right things. 


References:


Page title. (Year, Month Day). Site Name. URLEnvironment Statistics Country Snapshot. (December, 2016). UN Statistics Division. https://unstats.un.org/unsd/environment/envpdf/Country_Snapshots_Dec_2016/United%20States%20of%20America.pdf