Learning Journal Unit 1
1. Write a brief introduction of yourself in the Learning Journal.

2. Explain why you took this course and what you hope to learn from it.

3. Please describe, in detail, some of the major environmental issues in your local village/community/town/region/nation. What are they? Why are they an issue? Do you know of any current actions to deal with it?

4. If you were to implement one, small, simple project in your local area or family in support of the environment, what would it be? Why?

5. One or two sentences of your own personal reflection on something you learned this week.



ANSWER:
1. ANSWER:

I am a student of University of the people and currently I am studying Associate of science in computer science. I lived in Sweden. My religion is Islam. I am addicted to learn new things always. Currently building my skills in Linux administration. 


2. ANSWER:

I hope I can learn more new things from this course and learn many new facts of the environment. I took this course as it was optional beside this learning about the environment in also important for me and this would help me to know the creatures in the world we have and in our environment. I am also a nature lover and the country I live in is also a green city with less population. As a computer science student I want to learn about this subject because we also need to gain knowledge of the environment we live in and know the main preservative methods to protect our environment. 



3. ANSWER:

There were many environmental issue in the world and near us also. 

The environmental issues of my local village/community/town/region/nation are given below,


a. Environmental pollution:

The most dangerous causes happen in our environment is pollution and the main reasons behind the pollution are many ways and these components are very dangerous for us also. 

b. Deforestation: 

The fact of the deforestation can affect our environment and day by day we are losing many creatures in our habitats. The natural calamities can cause becuase for the deforestation affects in our environment. 

c. Excessive use of natural resources:
In our environment people are utilizing the excess and large quantity of the natural resources that affect. 

d. Overpopulation: 

The main problem of our environment in the population ratio in increasing day by day. For this Overpopulation we are facing many environment factors.

If we want to deal with these issues are we need to take these actions;

a. It can be controlled to make less environmental pollution.

b. We can stop Afforestation.


c. We need to be controlled the uses of the natural resources.

d. The Overpopulation needs to be under control.


4. ANSWER:

Here, we can able to implement one of the smallest and simplest project in our local area to support the environment. This will be great Afforestation Campaign. The main reason behind this is we should maintain the balance of our greenery environment. 


5. ANSWER:

Well, it was the first week for me and I had learned various agencies as well as the rules which were making of the various organizations to make a protection in our environment. 




