In this discussion, you will discuss taking ownership of your own learning.

What does it mean to take ownership of your own learning? In your response, describe the difference between active and passive learning.
What is the role of the course instructor in the learning process?
What is the role of peer assessment in the learning process?



ANSWER:      The leadership or ownership of our own learning means which is one of the most effective motivations, self-directed as well as involved in any activities to learn from anyone. For example, an instructor could be set the course partly and added any assessment or self-quizzes which would assist to provide more learning advantages to students. Besides this, students could also learn for peer assessment activities because by giving feedback on different students' assessment students can also learn from different views and opinions. 

        There is also a difference between active and passive learning. Active learning strategy always had a hands-on lab learning process, including group problems, peer instruction, and games, and challenges. On the other hand, passive learning is by promoting define, describe, listen to the writing skills, Basically, when instructors give some tests to the student to understand quizzes, assessments, and handouts so that this strategy would help a student to think convergent by giving a question which has generally only one right answer or both any two answers.  The active learning process has many advantages, for example, this method helps a student to analyze a chance to increase their critical thinking. Secondly, providing numerous feedback on a student's intelligence of the material and helps a student to give a bigger role in the learning environment. By increasing student attention in the classroom also another benefit rather than following traditional lectures and this would also encourage a student to animate their discussion thinking and posts. 

    On the other side, passive learning has some impressive benefits also. By presenting different information also assist a student to learn new techniques. The instructor also sometimes needs to allow the lecture notes and handwritten copies to be pre-planned and use again or more than once. This method also helps mentors to give more control in their course delivery. By presenting an organized thought on the course material and give a concrete solution also a very effective way. 

    The role of the course instructor in the learning process is to engage a student in small group discussions and problem-solving lesson plans are also the most important active learning strategies. This activity would allow a student to in-depth research on the material. Also encourages students to analyze their research not only to think critically but also to present their finding in the interactive world. 

   In my opinion, the role of peer assessment in the learning process is students needs to follow active and passive learning strategy while working on their assessment and maintain the assigned reading at their own pace. Besides this, by taking active notes, questions or important notes are also would help a student to become self-organized and share their own ideas with another small group. By explaining their thoughts in that small group would also help them to in both active or passive learning styles. 

