Reflection Topic: Intrinsic versus extrinsic motivation
Describe an example of when you were extrinsically motivated by something. What was your goal and what motivated you?
Describe an example of when you were intrinsically motivated by something. What was your goal and what motivated you?
Based on your examples, explain the difference between intrinsic motivation and extrinsic motivation. Was one more effective? Be sure to reflect on how each type of motivation made you feel.
Finally, based on what you have learned about motivation, describe what motivates you to learn. Are you an intrinsically motivated learner or an extrinsically motivated learner? Why?
Be sure that your Learning Journal entry is a minimum of 400 words.

APA Exercise
Every week in your learning journal for Online Education Strategies, you will practice APA format. For the past 4 weeks, we have practiced how to cite and reference different kinds materials – books, articles, website, and videos. While there are other kinds of materials that can be cited and referenced, most will be very similar to what you have already learned.

This week, we are going to change our exercises to focus on how to quote and how to paraphrase. Go back to the webpage you found for our Week 2 APA exercise. Then, complete the following exercise:

What was the full reference for the website you found for the Week 2 APA exercise? (If your instructor gave you feedback on how to correct your reference, be sure to write the correct reference this week.)
What was the in-text citation for the website you found for the Week 2 APA exercise? (If your instructor gave you feedback on how to correct your citation, be sure to write the correct citation this week.)
Find a sentence about water pollution in your webpage, and copy and paste it here.
Take the sentence from #3, and using the APA rule for short quotations, put the sentence in quotation marks while adding an APA in-text citation at the end.
Re-read the sentence from #3, and re-write the sentence in your own words while adding an APA in-text citation at the end. (This is called paraphrasing.)
Note: If you are struggling, try reviewing the UoPeople APA tutorials in the LRC.




Answer:
      Extrinsically motivation is a kind of self-directed learning method. As I know extrinsic means not being a part of any necessary nature of someone as well as something and coming or operating from outside. But Extrinsical Motivation means when someone motivated by anything to perform the behaviour and try to engage in any kind of activities the reason is he wants to earn a reward or try to avoid any punishment. If anyone gets to engage in any behaviour that is not because he wants to satisfy himself. Thus, this motivation strategy actually motivated a person to expect something to get in return or try to ignore something undetectable.



   For example, if any want wants to go to work to earn money or study for a good grade only is actually extrinsic motivation. By doing any certain work because the person expects other attention. Another most common reason is you are visiting any places because you want to post it on Instagram to showoff people. Besides this, by participating in any competition so that you could win a scholarship or win a reward. 



   In my opinion, extrinsic motivation is not my goal to achieve and follow. Because this motivation would affect me very badly by tangible or psychological. This motivation strategy would addict me to achieve any rewards that might be external or psychological which would come something. 



    Intrinsic Motivation is also another self-directed learning strategy. As I know that intrinsic means belonging naturally or essential. Basically, Intrinsic motivation means to assign in any activity for its own sake. This means when we do or work any activities to just for enjoyment, fun, or challenging but not for any reward or any punishment is called intrinsic motivation. 



   For example, if I want to participate in any games or sport just for fun and enjoyable is a kind of intrinsic. By studying and completing the assignment because I find fascinated here. If I like to keep tidy up my room that why I am cleaning my room. I am solving math because I find challenging and fun to solve hard issues. 



   In my view, the difference between intrinsic motivation and extrinsic motivation is we should follow extrinsic motivation when we want to motivate a person to learn and gain knowledge for something new. Secondly, try to make a person more interested in any activity in which others are not interested in it and try to provide feedback to people and let them know about the performance that is worth recognition. 



    On the other hand, intrinsic motivation should not be used for external rewards when a person has already been interested in the topic, task, or activity, and offering them a reward might make them feel that they work for it instead of playing the sports.



     In my opinion, I want to follow an intrinsically motivated self-direct learning strategy because this would help me to build a sense of competence when I try to master a new skill or accomplishment when I see myself that I am being progressed in my work. Besides this, a sense of meaning would also help me volunteer in a shelter or become a mentor as a junior and participate in any group activities. 



ANSWER 2:

   APA EXERCISE: 


                                   Canadian Journal of Public Health
             Canadian Journal of Public Health / Revue Canadienne de Santé Publique, W. M. Walkinshaw
                                         https://www.jstor.org/stable/41983847s
         
               THERE is a great need for a statement of goals for our national and provincial water management programs, which will integrate and reconcile the needs of the numerous agencies and diverse interests concerned, including public health.  All about water pollution. He stated that there is a very well water-management organization that helps people's concerns regarding public health that nowadays there are also a lot of agents and services who help people and agencies are being interested to solve the problem and assist people respectively. Thus, there was also an event that was reviewed by public health groups and communities and held a conference about water pollution. On the other side, the conference was held for "Pollution and Our Environment" and they also detailed and raised their voice in that conference about Canada and the United States Water pollution problems.

References,

Walkinshaw, W. (1966). WATER POLLUTION. Canadian Journal of Public Health / Revue Canadienne De Sante Publique, 57(2), 91-92. Retrieved October 4, 2020, from http://www.jstor.org/stable/41983847




    

     

  



    



 

   

 