After reviewing this week’s readings, assess your readiness to be a self-directed learner. In your response, make sure to address the following:

What is a self-directed learner? What are the essential aspects of self-directed learning?
What are your two biggest strengths as a student? How will these strengths help you become a self-directed learner?
What are your two biggest weaknesses as a student? How do these affect your readiness to be a self-directed learner?
Describe at least three strategies to become a more self-directed learner. How will you hold yourself accountable for your growth as a learner?
Written Assignment Requirements
Your written assignment should be submitted in a Word document (or similar program) and should be at least 1-2 pages in length, double-spaced with 1-inch margins, and written in Times New Roman size 12 font.  You should provide a word count at the end of your written assignment. Cite any reference(s) you use in the preparation of your essay using proper APA format.Refer to the UoPeople APA Tutorials in the LRC for help with APA citations..
Written Assignment Peer Assessment
In the unit following the submission of your written assignment, you will peer assess three (3) of your classmates’ assignments according to the instructions found in the Assessment Form. During this peer assessment period, you are expected to provide details in the feedback section of the Assessment Form, indicating why you awarded the grade that you did to your peer. The written assignment grade is comprised of a combination of your submission (90%) and your peer assessments (10%).
Written Assignment Peer Assessment Rubric
For this assignment, your peers will be evaluating your work with the following criteria.
Does the student define self-directed learning?
Does the student describe essential aspects of self-directed learners?
Does the student identify two personal strengths as a self-directed learner?
Does the student describe how personal strengths help them become a self-directed learner?
Does the student identify two personal weaknesses as a self-directed learner?
Does the student describe how personal weaknesses affect their readiness to become a self-directed learner?
Does the student describe at least three strategies to become a self-directed learner?
Does the student describe how they will hold themselves accountable for their growth as a learner?
Did the student’s paper include these formatting elements:
at least 1-2 pages in length
double-spaced
1-inch margins
written in Times New Roman 12 font
include a word count



ANSWER: 
        In the beginning, a self-directed learner means someone who directed himself on any activity to learn something new and gain a new skill. It is a process that defines individuals by taken the persuasive, with or without the help or support by others or diagnose the learning needs, and formulate the goals which evaluate the outcomes. This method usually identifies a student by learning through material resources. By learning with others and do a good collaboration with each other is a great essential aspect of self-directed learning. As we know self defines a person's essential being that distinguishes them from others which means independent or Individual. If a student without any support and determination usually called a self-directed learner. In my view, there are two biggest strengths as a student. Firstly, a student could have his own Willpower by learning in a self-paced environment. Willpower defines the traits of resolutely controlling their own behavior or habit. Secondly, students could learn how to use vision in their real life also. Vision defines the faculty or state of being able to see and experience something new and can express their own thoughts and ideas. Willpower strengths could support a student to become a self-directed learner in many ways. For example, this method could help a student to keep learning new skills or activities. Besides, a student could able to stop losing his own passion or able to feel uncertain about the coming challenge. On the other hand, a vision which is another great strength that assists a student to give an image of the future to learn in their every step when they move to check their own progress of the dream.
    There is also some biggest weakness as a self-direct learner. I think those could be Job and Language barriers. For example, if a student working in a company as a full-time employee and have to maintain his university as well as unfortunately he never reside in United State or Canada those might be English speaking country could suffer most. Thus, that student-face time-management problem in his daily life and could not give any time to his family also. He also has to do all his duties and university assignments as schedule-wise respectively. Nevertheless, he also faces a language barrier problem, the reason is he living in a non-English speaking country, but he has to do all his work such as, assignment and learning materials which need a high-level English ability. 
  In my opinion, there are also three strong strategies to become a self-directed learner. Firstly, a student could set their own goals and follow those steps to complete all work timely. By setting a student's own goal, objectives, and steps this method would help him to learn soft skills like time management or project management and stay discipline-wise and focus on work schedule-wise. 
 Secondly, by rewarding, maintain a routine, factoring his own formula would help to achieve a student to have a good habit in his daily life cycle. This is a great practice for a student. 
  Thirdly, by managing time and spaces in daily life and follow all the rules and truths is also a most effective strategy. Because time management helps a student to set and follow their own timeline or timetable to finish their work and lead them to their goal and aim of the purposes.
 At last, I wanted to hold myself accountable for my growth as a self-directed learner. Because this reward process is the ideal method to follow to grow on me as a learner. As a result, it would help me psychologically which would affect my brain to work and alert me timely and encourage me to achieve something new in my life as a reward.

