
Using your readings and experience address the following questions:

Describe the problems of development today
Explain several strategies for improving the current problems of development
Discussion Guidelines

Share your thoughts and ideas on this week’s discussion forum prompts in a couple of paragraphs.
Respond to at least 3 peers. Your post to each peer must be relevant to the week’s topic and should be more than a simple statement of agreement.
Be kind, respectful, and resourceful on this forum. Speak with kindness, give your fellow classmates respect, and be resourceful to them by provided additional information about your topic, to ensure the conversation is ongoing.
Please return throughout the week to continue to participate and respond to anyone who has responded to you.
Be sure to cite any resources that you use in APA format.  Direct quotes should not be used in discussions. 


ANSWER:

In Globalization 101 which describe the evolution at the time that the urge to improve the lives of citizens in poor countries in terms of commercial charge or for health or for a livelihood, or for learning as well as a fresh environment in the process of correction of the world community. Geography which is marked as high economic poverty or craving or huge decency ratio and risky water supplies cheap education systems for fraudulent government or war or poor sanitation. Moreover, it had little of the present moment advancement problem. The involvement has been charged workforce diversity and that could in small community countries. It is possible to make a connection to the global market which was demanding for countries after ports. Large economic difficulty has been fallout on development and many kids are had been dropped out from school for the poverty and the result is for the unskilled staff. Craving makes people lesser effective one and the other logically and substantially. A poor educational organization outcome of graduates who were unable to meet the need of progress and had a limit in growth. People take off from the country properly of war that has ensued in some type of brain drain. The poverty reduction, or forceful governance, or feasible improvement or gender equality as well as new asset tricks were equal in less of the ways for the response for the current buildup of the problem. The country can export the revenue by rising the poverty which can assist for the job development specially in manufacturing sector. Growing countries trade with independent countries reversing it getting help from them and the part of the trade not aid access. The bankruptcy has been reduced by achieving the creation of the jobs especially in manufacturing whichever bring about the revenue for the countries via exports. Alternating countries can trade with industrialized countries on behalf of accepting help from them like it could an element of the Trade-Not-Aid way. This brings about the ability of the seperate as well as earning additional gained over exporting. The main target is for good governance to deal with to protect and reduce the corruption. We can establish the help that is given to countries that were recycled completely. The main intention of a continual development had an approach which can develop the development in far back to do not harm for the environment. But in the future tribe it would not receive a damaged the environment. Moreover, women's empowerment programs even if the business funding or learning which is the factor of the gender equality path. A new way for planing for loans for the poor people is to help them in the beginning of the business and make arrangement for their family.  

References,

7 Issues Affecting the Progress of Global Development https://bthechange.com/7-issues-affecting-the-progress-of-global-development-ce9371a797ec  