Learning Journal Unit 5

Reflection topic: Peer assessment and feedback

How do you feel about the feedback you have received from your peers?

How do you think your peers feel about the feedback you provided to them?

The journal entry should be about a page in length.  

ANSWER:


How do you feel about the feedback you have received from your peers?

How I feel about the feedback I have received from my peers, really they have been great and really helped me a lot even for the fact that receiving feedback from peers can be so challenging but they play an important role in learning and I have really learnt a lot from them because with their feedbacks, I will get to experience their point of views on my work and they will also share their own experience thought and knowledge as well which is really great and this helps to understand a lot. Let me state one example in my last discussion assignment unit 5 where I was asked to explain “several strategies for improving current problem of development”. The first feedback I got from a peer after carefully reading what I have posted he agreed with all my points and after that, he asked me if we are facing any of the issues from the country I am from, and really yes we are facing it then I got another feedback from one of the pointsI mentioned in my discussion regarding government taking care of corruption and the student replied saying if corruption is taking care off, “would the remaining obstacle diminish”. this really gave me a spark and got me thinking yes this is true and this makes me expand my reading and all. So receiving feedbacks are very challenging but they are very helpful. 

How do you think your peers feel about the feedback you provided to them?

Well I can't really be certain about this though but am sure that most student will be pleased and also learned from the feedback I have given them, I know giving feedbacksis not that easy and could be so challenging since before providing any feedback first and foremost I need to make sure I do my assignment promptly and understand the subject matter and also, make sure I read carefully what the student has posted to in order to bring something unique to the discussion. And above all, I am sure most student will find my feedback helpful.


