Read the following report, paying particular attention to the sections related to the questions below.

Jaber, M. A. (2014). Breaking through Glass Doors: A Gender Analysis of Womenomics in the Jordanian National Curriculum. Brookings Institute. Retrieved from:  https://www.brookings.edu/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/EchidnaAbu-Jaber2014Web.pdf

Please address the following questions:

What is womenonics, and why is this an important term to discuss in Jordan’s employment of female workers?
What are some interesting findings from the Arabic textbooks used? Why did you find these to be interesting?
Upon reading the report, what strategies do you think could be helpful, in promoting gender equality in Jordan?
Take a moment to think about how womenomics looks in your country. Describe the aspects of womenomics where you live and how you believe it can improve. 
Please make sure your assignment is double-spaced using Times New Roman, 12-point font, and 1” margins. Be sure to cite any references in APA Format.

Each paper will be assessed on the following:

All questions are answered
Strong examples, valid points, and ideas on the topic
At least two additional resources cited in APA format
2-3 pages in length
Proper grammar, spelling, and punctuation
Do not include your name on your paper this will help ensure fairness in grading.


ANSWER:



Globalization and Development 

University of the People 

POLS 1503 – GLOBALIZATION     

December 14, 2021


Introduction:


The word "womenomics" refers to the relationship between women and economic engagement. It is the belief that women`s economic growth will benefit the entire economy. (JAPAN INFO SPRING) (2015). It could also be seen as a word that aims to promote female economic empowerment as a means of boosting a country's economy. UN News reports that (2015). "This is a way to explain how gender equality helps the country's economy." Below are some of the reasons why this term is a major debate in Jordan regarding the employment of women:

It is important that the economic development of their country improves. It promotes healthy competition and leads to economic development. It serves as an inspiration for young women. In other words, the females employed become role models for others, reducing the gender gap in the workplace. It is a national duty to work for the goals of Vision 2025 and the economic and social improvement of Jordan.

Interesting findings from the textbooks used Overall, the textbooks were created with  male gender (students) in mind. Gender stigma is emphasized throughout the material. In most professions, male images are more common than female images.


Body:


* Women are discouraged from a leadership position.

A very interesting aspect to me is how I was able to convey a message that prevented women from participating in the country's economic processes and decisions. Conscious attempts have been made to draw women's attention to family and parenting, but they know that this can sacrifice the development of the country. Use textbooks to systematically bring ideas to elementary school so that  students  believe they are at home.

* Women are discouraged from learning skills and entering their disciplines.

In order to discourage women from pursuing these professions, deliberate attempts have been made to avoid introducing women in serious professions. Although it was clearly stated  that work is a human right. It was like saying that a woman is free to work anywhere, but she is not practicing that right. From an early age, women have been taught that parenting and housework are ideal professions for women.


* Strategies that may help. 

First of all, we must change people's attitudes towards employment of women in the economy. Proposal by Welsel and Alexander (2010): To enable women to achieve economic participation, society must consider women's economic participation both "desirable" and "legitimate." This suggests that Jordan's female-friendly employment institutions, compensation systems and guidelines (ie objective conditions) need to be accompanied by  people's rethinking (ie subjective thinking  about women in the workplace). Masu (Jaber MA2014). Second, a new curriculum needs to be developed to encourage women to participate in the Jordanian economy. In the old curriculum, women are basically excluded from financial involvement. Therefore, the new curriculum aims to structurally involve women in the economy. This means that you need to publish a textbook on the promotion of women in the workplace. Third, another way to foster women's studies is to encourage women's participation in leadership positions. This can be achieved through ongoing  awareness campaigns and advocacy.


* Women's studies in my country. 

Traditionally, my country (Nigeria) was not built to actually support the concept of women's studies, but the existence of civilization, new perspectives from around the world and globalization have helped  improve the situation. increase. Women are what they want  and can pursue their career of  choice. However, the gap between females and males is still quite large. Women are not encouraged to play a leading role as much as men, which is not an ideal situation.



In Conclusion:

If you change your mind, I think the situation will improve. The management of various institutions needs to turn towards the role of women in  society. In general, there is a lot  to learn in my country.

References,

Jaber, M. A. (2014). Breaking through Glass Doors: A Gender Analysis of Womenomics in the Jordanian National Curriculum. Brookings Institute. Retrieved from: https://www.brookings.edu/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/EchidnaAbu-Jaber2014Web.pdf  

Japan info spring (2015). What is womenomics?. Published by the Consulate General of Japan in New York/Japan Information Center. Retrieved from: https://www.ny.us.embjapan.go.jp/en/o/2015/04-Apr/japaninfo-2015-04/03.html  

Nigeria's Laws Hold Women Back, and the Economy Suffers https://www.cfr.org/blog/nigerias-laws-hold-women-back-and-economy-suffers 
