
Learning Journal Unit 3
The Learning Journal is a tool for self-reflection on the learning process. In addition to completing directed tasks, you should use the Learning Journal to document your activities, record problems you may have encountered and to draft answers for Discussion Forums and Assignments. The Learning Journal should be updated regularly (on a weekly basis), as the learning journals will be assessed by your instructor as part of your Final Grade.

Your learning journal entry must be a reflective statement that considers the following questions:

Describe what you did, what you learned, your weekly activities, in what ways are you able to apply the ideas and concepts gained ,  and finally, describe one important thing that you are thinking about in relation to the activity



ANSWER:


    In the beginning, I am going to demonstrate about my third week in the course. In my first week of the software engineering 1 course I had participated in the discussion forum, besides this, I had answered the assessment as my instructor wrote to discuss about it. The discussion forum helped me to support my knowledge as I had read and make a review of my peers assessment work. I had complete the quiz in the new material which I already learned in the software engineering course materials. I had finished the programming assignment also where I had complete the task to understanding use Cases and basics of UML where I need to discussion. I had demonstrate the relationship between the members then I had make a personal identifiers. Also, I had learned the relationship and some more features, and also various job roles for the professional levels IT department such as software engineering related. 

  In my second point of view, This could assist me from other professionalism skills also helps to analyze the data model constraints. Next, I had finished the course materials in the week which I had able to understand how can I identity various components of use cases like actors, goals etc. and their properties and usage. So, I had finish my whole programming assignment. Besides this is the most essential course which I need to master if I want to chose professional role as a software engineer.



