NOTE:  It is easy to copy the answer from internet and amend it to your need and submit , in order to get good grades, but it will not help you learn and understand the topic better. Please try to be honest with your submissions to these programming assignments as they will help you hone your skills and understanding of the respective topic , which you will be taking along in the real world after the end of the course. Scoring should be based on learning, not copying and pasting.

You are hired to develop a software system for motion detection and garage door control. The system should turn the garage door lights on automatically when it detects motion within a given perimeter. The garage door opener should be possible to control either by a remote radio transmitter or by a manual button switch. The opener should include the following safety feature. An “electric eye” sensor, which projects invisible infrared light beams, should be used to detect if someone or something passes under the garage door while it closes. If the beam is obstructed while the door is going down, the door should not close—the system should automatically stop and reverse the door movement.

The relevant hardware parts of the system are as follows (see Figure):

Image 1: house with garage. Garage has external light with motion detector. Image 2: A garage with and electronic door opener. Emphasis is on the electric eye, remote receiver, opener switch, and motor.

motion detector
external light bulb
motor for moving the garage door
“electric eye” sensor
remote control radio transmitter and receiver
manual opener button switch
Assume that all the hardware components are available and you only need to develop a software system that controls the hardware components.

Identify the actors for the system and their goals
Derive only the use cases relevant to the system objective and write brief or casual text description of each
Draw the use case diagram for the system
For the use case that deals with the remote-controlled garage door opening, write a fully dressed description
Draw the system sequence diagram(s) for the use case selected in (d)
Show the operation contracts for the operations of the use case selected in (d)


ANSWER:


a. Identify the actors for the system and their goals.

  Here is many types of actors which we can use to achieve our goals in the valid way or imperative for the normal structure as well as the system of the flow. 

  1) The garage to visit the owner or person:

  The main goal: It is possible to make necessary for us to make ability whether it is remotely or it could be manually in the physically way to make a control to open or close the door of the garage. 

  2) The component for the motion detector:

  The main goals: The role is going to be the motion detector to make a ensure whether it is synchronized or not otherwise, the normal functionality can had an electric eye. Finally, the motion could be detected by the beginning of the sensor. 

  3) The timer:

  The main goal: The timer can be easily countdown to a limited amount of the time and if there is no activity the motion or the door switch can be automatically get into light attached.

  4) Electric Eye: 

  The main goal : The closing door can be detected by the halt of the process which work collectively. It can also closed the beginning command to start the reopened of the door. We can also able to execute the moment for each person where the ibject can be detectable.

  Moreover, we can also make a opinion that, the three actors can be followed by the owner and would be encompassed of the entire actor which is called Garage System.   
     
  
  b. Derive only the use cases relevant to the system objective and write brief or casual text description of each.

  1) The open can be remotely: The control can be pressed into the radio transmitter to the button to open the door utilize cass in the door. 

  2) The closed can be remotely: This can be done by the uses of the case to see whether the door is successfully closed or not. The pressed radio trnasmitter in the button can be closed. 
    


   d. For the use case that deals with the remote-controlled garage door opening, write a fully dressed description. 

   In the beginning, in the field range the remote can be get into radio trnasmitter. But it is necessary in the range to achieve if the user might wants to clickto open the button. We can also excute each command to occur the garage door to unlocked or rotate the motor and able to allow the garage door which could be opened. The light also possible to switch on. The passage of the way in the ground needs to be confirmed. It is also possible to click the button once more and start the door closing. The lght also can be turned off. 
   
 

