Use the Discussion Forum to discuss your experience while installing or accessing R.  If you have any tips, post them to the forum.  If you are having trouble installing the R program, you may send a Moodle message to your instructor or post to the course forum.  The R program that we will be downloading is around 60 MB (for the Windows version), so if you have a slow Internet connection, it might take a long time to download.

Note that there should be supplemental instructions for installing R on Mac OS X or Linux. Check the Announcements forum or email your instructor if you do not find those instructions.  You do not need the graphical client for Mac or Linux, but you can experiment with it if you want to.


ANSWER: 


In the beginning, I had successfully set up my R programming working environment and able to access R. While installing R I did not face any installation problem. I had set up my working R environment in the Linux ubuntu 20.04 version. Firstly I had open my terminal and run sudo apt update command and then I had run sudo apt upgrade. After that, I had begun the installation process. I had run sudo apt-key adv --keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com --recv-keys E298A3A825C0D65DFD57CBB651716619E084DAB9. Because this command would able me to add the CRAN repository in my Ubuntu system with the source lists. I had run sudo add-apt-repository 'deb https://cloud.r-project.org/bin/linux/ubuntu focal-cran40/' command also. I had updated my environment by running sudo apt-get update again this command help to update my package which I had trying to install. Finally, I had run sudo apt install r-base to install R in my system which takes some time to compile in my environment. As a result, finishing my installation process it's time for me to check the R version I had installed already in this case I had run R --version / R -v to check my current version.  Now I had run sudo -i R and start my working to compile my packages and I had type install.packages('txtplot') line and press enter to process my compilation and then I had run this two command which is given below:

> library('txtplot')
> txtplot(cars[,1], cars[,2], xlab='speed', ylab='distance')
   Now this command help(txtplot) show me all the guide of the uses and I had type q to exit it. Finally, I had type q() and it shows me Save workspace image? [y/n/c]:  and I had type y and press enter and I had exited my compilation process. 