Part I – Our behaviors are influenced by society because we are parts of the society in which we live.  For most of us, we are born, we grow up, and live our lives in a society.  The norms and beliefs that are prevalent in society are parts of culture.

Please educate us about the role of “independence” and “interdependence” in your society and/or cultural psychology. 

a)     How does your society view independence and interdependence?

b)     What is the relationship of independence to interdependence (and vice versa)?

If you’re looking for definitions in the textbook, remember that the textbook is rooted in western psychology originating from western European beliefs and traditions.  Unless your family and society are rooted in western European traditions, for this assignment, please speak of your society’s psychology and/or cultural philosophy.  Let’s learn from each other’s psychologies!

 

Part II - Describe an experience or encounter you have had with the stigma attached to mental disorders* or unusual behavior.  Then explain how the situation was addressed.  Please explain also how you acted within that situation and how your actions are related to social influence.  If you were not satisfied with how things happened, explain how you would address that situation in the future.

*Please note that you are not being asked to diagnose someone; only registered professionals have the credentials to do that.  Thus, if the situation you are describing involves a condition that has been diagnosed by a mental health professional then you can mention that the condition was “diagnosed”.  Otherwise, if you are relating a story about someone who behaved in an ‘unusual’ manner, then simply state that the behavior seemed abnormal.  The point of this discussion is about the stigma and not necessarily about whether a diagnosis was conducted.  An official diagnosis, or lack thereof, is important only to provide context to the condition and to any related effects.

 

Your Discussion should be at least 250 words in length, but not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references for the textbook and any other sources used.



ANSWER:

Part 1 :

Different cognitive representations of the self that human beings are called interdependent and impartial self-explanation. Those that take an interdependent attitude are much more likely to be privy to others and their connections and to alter their conduct to deal with others. Independent individuals, on the alternative hand, are extra involved with their very own health and the potential to persuade others. Because our state grows into formerly an English colony, our tradition considers them to be self-sufficient. We are self-assured, excessive achievers, self-reliant, and are trying to find our very own satisfaction. Most importantly, we determine and attain matters for ourselves. We take care of ourselves freely, which identifies us and brings an experience of independence given that we are trying to find private achievement and feature our very own dreams and beliefs.

However, we maintain to depend upon one another, making us interdependent, because, because the word goes, "nobody is an island," via way of means of poet John Donne and we sometimes require help from others. We are nevertheless described via way of means of our social roles, connections, norms, and situations and we value, trusting courting with others, pleasing social accountabilities, adjusting and in shape into essential relationships, and advancing the pursuits of others. Socializing collectively as a community, in particular, on unique events along with this coming Christmas, is an important occasion this is nevertheless executed in my society. Individuals in society specific their critiques on many troubles that contact them in a few manners. They learn if their factors of view have been accurate or wrong primarily based totally on the responses of others. This permits them to broaden their thoughts and construct new and higher answers via the confluence of thoughts.

Independence includes doing matters to your own. While interdependence is counting on each other, No one is an island, but we stay in an international wherein we agree with ourselves to be unbiased individuals, however, there are a few components or conditions in our lives wherein we need to rely upon or require each other for our survival and the clean operations and functioning of society. This is visible as one in every of life`s cycles.


Part 2 :

Our intellectual fitness is prompted via way of means of our moral, intellectual, and social well-being. It additionally has an effect on how we manipulate stress, interact with others, and make decisions. Mental fitness is vital in any respect levels of life, from infancy and youth via maturity. I actually have private revel in with humans who've steel fitness problems(conduct appears abnormal) in my family. It arose as a way of trying to healthy in with a selected group. As a result, she changed into driven to make use of narcotics and had an intellectual collapse, necessitating years of treatment. I can talk to the reality that folks that be afflicted by intellectual fitness problems are stigmatized. When she skilled an apprehensive breakdown, her colleagues located out and refused to cooperate with her. Her manager changed into compelled to allow her to go.

Because they had been humiliated via way of means of her situation, numerous own circle of relatives contributors grew to become their backs on her. This brought on her to emerge as sad and worried, which caused him to resume her drug use. However, she ultimately acquired the clinical interest and familial assistance that she required, and she or he made the choice to cease the usage of narcotics and start taking the prescription. She has been off her medication for nearly five years and is now functioning as an everyday member of society together along with her very own circle of relatives.

I cannot without a doubt maintain anybody answerable for their actions. I accept as true with a few human beings reply on this way out of worry and the stigma related to intellectual health, locating it hard for them to understand the issue. As my own circle of relatives member, I become there for her each step along the way, ensuring she took her medicine and went to her scientific appointments. Since I advised myself that it become my function as an own circle of relatives member. Being supportive becomes sincerely beneficial, and she or he continues to be thankful to me for doing that for her even as maximum run away.

References,

Spielman, R., Dumper, K., Jenkins, W., Lacombe, A., Lovett, M. & Perlmutter, M. (2017). Psychology. OpenStax College, Rice University. Download for free at https://openstax.org/details/books/psychology.


