Learning Journal Unit 6
For this Learning Journal, you will write a paper about your own experiences. Using reflective writing consider the following: 

Society affects our behaviors and how we interact with others. How has society affected your views? What are some things that you feel pressured to conform to, and how have you approached this issue?

Have you known others who conform to pressure from others or society? What did they do? How did they deal with the pressure?

Discuss the importance of pro-social behavior and altruism in your society or cultural tradition.

The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources. 


ANSWER:

Part 1:

Personally, I trust that society has surely accomplished tremendous and terrible matters concerning impacts on my factor of view. I take into account after I got here in Malaysia 14 years ago; I deserted the entirety due to life-threatening conditions in Nigeria. When I was given right here, I identified that human beings right here change into`t like Africans; we're visible as a hazard anywhere and it changed into the start of me having low self-esteem, I usually felt that I failed to belong, I felt so detached for such a lot of years at a factor wherein I didn´t a position to narrate freely with the locals due to the fact I changed into frightened of being judged at the back of my back. Few Africans are concerned about illegitimate activities, however, the strain on all Africans is whether or not right or bad. Thank God, it reduced after I met a collection of locals who have been now no longer racists. I steadily generated braveness in myself across the locals, which changed into a springboard for me.

Part 2:

Some human beings desired me to comply to, become in truth to be connected to a specific belief or ideology. My lifestyle is a long way in the back of their practice, manner of thinking, views, etc. I am the form of individual who advanced so fast and become uncovered to a civilized manner of existence; I verify myself at the concepts which have advanced for myself, despite the fact that I am a Nigeria, however, I do now no longer have the equal belief as a normal Nigerian who's lower back home. I used to have misunderstandings with my brothers due to the fact they don´t just like the manner I think (having thoughts of my own) lower back home, society, non-secular groups, lifestyle, etc. Probably inspired us. In maximum cases, it turns into obligatory to conform with positive practices that I even have freed myself from this belief. I helped my own circle of relatives apprehend the want to alternate and now no longer be inspired with the aid of using an outside entity, however, to apprehend positive existence concepts in an effort to assist them to make an accountable choice approximately their lives.

Part 3:

The outcome of the pro-social behaviors in addition to altruism:

According to Williams, (2007), Altruism is the preference of human beings to assist others without an advantage, even as pro-social conduct is the act of assisting others, however frequently centered on social support. When we examine each aspect, they're nearly similar, due to the fact we are able to see that the essential concept is to assist others watching for no advantage.

Showing altruism and pro-social assist behaviors are critical in each society. These variations make a distinction withinside the manner we receive offerings socially or economically. There are a few folks who can´t assist themselves due to the fact they've bodily or intellectual disabilities. Some will also be susceptible due to herbal screw-ups along with floods or earthquakes. These humans want the assistance of folks who can assist them, anticipating nothing. As a result, altruism and pro-social assist make stronger the spirit of assisting  the needy, I agree with its miles altruism and pro-social conduct is critical due to the fact they could assist to reinforce peace, democracy and assist to serving folks who are at the chance and people who're ill or homeless. If we will instill altruism and pro-social assist behaviors withinside the heart, we'd now no longer have hungry humans due to the fact they may be susceptible or due to oppression through their chief or government.

Reference,

Williams K, (2007). Pro-Social Behavior. Psych 240; fall 2007 Purdue University. Retrieved from http://www3.psych.purdue.edu/~willia55/240-'07/Lecture15-F.pdf



