
View The Universal Declaration of Human Rights (abbreviated) 

After carefully reading the document, choose three human rights that you believe to be the most important to protect. Why do you value these particular human rights, over others?

Discussion Guidelines

Share your thoughts and ideas on this week’s discussion forum prompts in a couple of paragraphs.
Respond to at least 3 peers. Your post to each peer must be relevant to the week’s topic and should be more than a simple statement of agreement.
Be kind, respectful, and resourceful on this forum. Speak with kindness, give your fellow classmates respect, and be resourceful to them by provided additional information about your topic, to ensure the conversation is ongoing.
Please return throughout the week to continue to participate and respond to anyone who has responded to you.
Be sure to cite any resources that you use in APA format.  Direct quotes should not be used in discussions. 


Reference

Human Rights Here and Now. (n.d.). Appendix 5: The universal declaration of human rights. The University of Minnesota. http://hrlibrary.umn.edu/edumat/hreduseries/hereandnow/Part-5/8_udhr-abbr.htm



ANSWER:

In the beginning, everybody has right to live a life with liberty and personal security as well as freedom from discrimination and the rights of the education. In my own point of view, these three rights was most necessary for our daily life. One of the most important things is freedom from discrimination and away over the years people need to understand where all humans consist with gender, race and ethics and sexual orientation and many more status. It actually has two sides of the rights one is gender equality and another is women's empowerment. 

In my second point of the view, liberty and personal security are the most important for the rights of our life and make ensured of the person's right which was not compromised by social economic prejudice. Another things, poverty and homeless poor people make another impact on health. It brings threat to life and personal safety. There were many disadvantages that affect the groups and the outcome will be violations of social economic and political rights. The right needs to be dedicated to finding positive problem solved and government should need to try to end your life to make the right of the life and its important. We need to ensure that we would not be imprisoned by not having the correct relevant reason to make protect of humans from the powerful and help in administration for the justice. 
 
As a result, the right education system is necessary for all humans and trained them for their human rights. In my point of view, this is the main foundation for all humans for their rights. This needs to be promoted to all people for their freedom of life and make improvement for their rights. The education system is another way to make our economic more powerful and generate the important economic revenue for the country. Also we need to help people in our society to achieve long-term sustainable development and allow women and children to participate as citizens. 

Reference,
Human Rights Here and Now. (n.d.). Appendix 5: The universal declaration of human rights. The University of Minnesota. http://hrlibrary.umn.edu/edumat/hreduseries/hereandnow/Part-5/8_udhr-abbr.html