Learning Journal Unit 3
Religion and Human Rights

In this week’s reading on human rights, religion was touched on because religious freedom (or the lack of it) has been a major issue relating to Human Rights. Consider some of the following questions and reflect on your country’s attitude toward religion, and the aspects surrounding it. The journal entry should be about a page in length.  If applicable, be sure to cite any resources you use to support your learning journal.  (You don't have to answer all of the questions below, they are for reflection purposes.) 

What are the predominant religions in your country?
How are minority religions treated? 
What do human rights monitoring groups (for example, Human Rights Watch, Freedom House and Amnesty International) say about your country’s religious tolerance?
Does your country separate religion from government?
According to your country, what are the worst cases of religious intolerance occurring in the world today?
What treaties has your government signed or ratified regarding religious intolerance?
What programs can your country suggest to help build respect for religion around the world?
How can the UN help stop state‐sponsored religious intolerance?
Should some countries be pressured to change their government if their policies are too restrictive?

ANSWER:

Each country’s logistics is based on what their needs are living in the Bahamas because we don’t produce the majority of the food of our goods are imported from countries. As logistics can be summarized as the detail's organization and implementation of a complex operation. This brings me back to the example of the Bahamasimporting the majority of Its. While it is difficult to pinpoint the logistics structure for each process in the Bahamas it can be categorized into some key components such as Information flow, inventory, materials handling, production, packaging, transportation warehousing, and security to ensure delivery of the product. 

To begin within any operation information is vital as it is the baseboard for operational success this is applicable in logistics as it focuses on the organization, planning, control, and implementation of the movement of goods, money and information. Thus, bringing me to the next point of Inventory once the information is retrieved and organized then we get a general idea as to what is available to us. Then the next step is the materials handling and production and packaging in which the final product is assembled for transportation. The next step is storing the products and Lastly is the security during the transportation of theproduct. This is just a summary of the structure of logistics in the Bahamas as there are many entities of Logistics.

References,

http://www.commonwealthofnations org/sectors-bahamas_the/business/freight_shipping__logistics/
  
https://opsdog.com/categories/organization-charts/logistics

