You read an article or a short story for this week’s reading. Discuss with the class what your story or article was, who the author was, and, in your own opinion, what the story or article was about. Also, include if you would recommend the reading to another classmate or not and why.


ANSWER:

To start with, this week I read an article in the New York Times about Buckingham Palace. The story and the news article were about Buckingham Palace. Meghan and Harry had been interviewed by Oprah Winfrey, in which they discussed issues arising at Buckingham Palace. Besides, this problem is within the article posted on March 9th, 2021. In addition, this news article was written by the American journalist Isabella Kwai. Meghan said that the world had been taken aback as well, and the reason was many problems, like mental and physical health conditions, discrimination, and racism, and she made these comments against the royal family's son, Archie. When the news was broadcast and the article was published 48 hours later, the palace had broken silence. In short, the royal family told interviewers that the entire royal family was very sorry for this situation, and they also expressed worry that discrimination problems nowadays are increasing rapidly. (New York Times, 2021, para 4). 

Furthermore, the royal family also said they would discuss this issue privately because it was a family issue. Similarly, the news also points out that the way this interview went, Queen Elizabeth suffered because her partner, Prince Philip, had a health problem. 

Without regard, in my very own opinion, everyone has the proper right to speak the truth. After reading this story, I suggest that all my classmates and peers read this article. This article is important because, after reading both parts of the story, we should listen to it. Here, the main problems were discrimination and racism mentality, which are serious problems nowadays in our society as well. As a consequence, it needs to be markable and talkable with everybody. 

Reference,

New York Time, 2021, Buckingham palace break silence on Meghan and Harry interview retrieve on March.9.2021 https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/09/world/europe/harry-meghan-interview-palace-reaction.html
