Learning Journal Unit 6
For this unit’s Learning Journal you will need at least two sources. First, you will pick any short story or article found by using the UoPeople Library or another online source. The story does not have to be the one you've read for this week. You will then utilize the UoPeople library to find one source for the article or story you read. This can be anything from searching on the writers of the readings to the subject matter. You will then analyze the story or article, along with the source, in order to demonstrate synthesis. You will be graded upon original thought and how well you convey that thought in regards to the material gathered.


ANSWER:


This week I looked at a paper that was authored by Leslie e. Royal and the title of the story is “Legal ease? Do-it-yourself lawyering is not for everyone. "

In this story, the author makes a specialty of legal matters. Moreover, it was about Cheryl Collins-McLemore, and her age was nearly 37 years old. This lady has decided to prepare her own legal will. She thought that she would prepare by providing her information in the will paper and consulting with a legal adviser so that if there were any problems in the will paper, she would need to correct them. In the story, we learned that anyone could hire a legal adviser to write their property will and make corrections on that paper. In this case, we also need to think about getting legal guidance and rescuing anything necessary. Here, the author, Leslie, also addresses the problem in many stories: nowadays, people are dealing with insurance policies, to keep themselves healthy and safe by lightening their financial load. 

Additionally, I had read a different story written by the same writer, Leslie E. Royal. The tale focused on "If you have a will...". The author added some precious details, which are necessary to the will. Moreover, in this story, the writer discussed two common directives known as "A Living Will" and "a healthcare proxy."  

By Royal (2000), "The further benefits of registering anyone's livelihood will be an emergency. On the registry, any friend or known person can give their information. "(para, 7). Here I will share my personal opinion, I had the same mind as the author had. Because it is necessary to be economically wise, it has some additional benefit of will. Overall, this whole story expressed good messages to those people who were concerned about the will. 


Reference, 

Royal, L. E. (2004, February). Legal ease? Do-it-yourself lawyering is not for everyone. Black Enterprise, 34(7), 139. Retrieved March 10, 2021 from https://go.gale.com/ps/i.do?p=PPDS&u=lirn17237&id=GALE|A112647868&v=2.1&it=r&sid=PPDS&asid=58277d62


