This unit’s Written Assignment focuses on creating a References page with all of the sources you use in your research paper. Copy and paste your thesis statement at the top of your page for the purpose of this assignment. Remember, places like www.bibme.org can help formulate this page if you need it.

Your page will be graded on keeping with the APA style, with the strength of your references (remember, peer reviewed references from the UoPeople or Google Scholar search are stronger than regular Google searches), and if the references you have actually fit into your thesis.


ANSWER:

The role of ICT in higher education for the 21st century

Abstract:

Information and communication technologies (ICT) has become a powerful tool in the aspect of learning and modern education in the 21century with the this flat form, the use of, it has stbasically changed the practices and procedures of nearly all forms of exertion within the businessand governance .Within the education setting, it has begun to have a great impact as use of ICT istailored to wards more student-centered learning settings as but with the world moving rapidly into digital media and information, the role of ICT in education setting is becoming more important. Its importance will continue to grow as its impact will be felt in the 21st century. This paper also examines the various impacts of ICT on higher education and also probably explores potential future developments. The paper argues the role of ICT in transforming teaching and learning and seeks to explore how this will impact on the way programs will be offered and delivered in the universities and colleges of the future.


Introduction:


Information and communication technology (ICT) has become a driving force that has really changed and impacted many aspects of the way we live. And therefore ,when you try to compare fields such as, law, tourism, travel, medicine, business, engineering and architecture, Banking, for the last 30 years, there has been a big difference how these fields operate today is vastly different from the way they operated in the past and how the ICT have impacted the modern education system(Collis,2002).In a research conducted by AEIMR(2016),found out teaching and learning challenges facing higher education revolve around student diversity, which includes, amongst others, diversity in students' academic preparedness, language, caste, gender, class and schooling background. Integrating ICT in teaching-learning process is high on the educational reform agenda. ICTs need to be seen as an essential aspect of teaching toolkit in the 21st century, affording new and transformative models of development that extend the nature and reach of teaching-learning process wherever it takes place.


Body:


ICTs are also tools that bring transformation in our society when used properly, it also encourages the shift in an environment in which the learner-centered. ICTs can be in different fort format such as videos, television and also computer multi-media software, that merges sound, transcripts and multicolored moving images .These are made in such a way which can stimulate minds and thoughts with reliable content to keep the student stay focused, centered towards learning and to keep them interested in the learning process(AEIJMR,2016).


Conclusion:

ICT has begun to have a great impact as use of ICT is tailored to wards more student-centered learning process as but with the world moving rapidly into digital media and information, the role of ICT in education setting is becoming more important. Integrating ICT in teaching-learning process is high on the educational reform agenda. ICT need to be seen as an essential aspect of teachingtoolkit in the 21st century. ICTs can be in different fort format such as videos, television and also computer multi-media software, that merges sound, transcripts and multicolored moving images with reliable content to keep the student stay focused, centered towards learning and to keep them interested in the learning process.


References:

Collis, B. (2002). Information technologies for education and training. Retrieved on the 12/march/2018 from https://www.researchgate.net/publication/228920282_The_role_of_ICT_in_higher_education_for_the_21st_century_ICT_as_a_change_agent_for_education

AEIJMR-Vol4-Issue 6- June 2016 ISSN - 2348 - 6724 retrieved on 12/March/2018 from https://www.scribd.com/document/335753562/Role-of-ICT-in-Higher-Education-and-Its-Challenges-for-the-21st-Century
