




ANSWER:


Qualitative research method is primarily an exploratory research used to gain understanding of
the underlying reasons, opinions of a given group of people.
Since employees in the work place differ in personalities and the manner in which they perform
the tasks assigned to them, its paramount to use qualitative research methods to appraise their
work performance. The quantitative methods cannot be used because it’s almost impossible to
physically measure the amount of work each employee does in an organization.(Rebecca Mazin, 2017)
For instance, an example of a qualitative research to determine the factors contributing to poor
performance of employees in an organization may be achieved through the following qualitative
means:


a) A researcher collecting data and facts on factors leading to this phenomenon may
 embark on participatory observation of the employees as they go about their daily tasks
 for a given research period.
b) Qualitative data can also be collected through interviewing the selected group of
 Employees. Questions asked during the interview might be focusing on the respondent
 Contributing some of their opinions on factors that deter them from performing well
 In their work place.
c) Also, the qualitative research can distribute questionnaires that contain list of questions
on the issues that each respondent employee feels they hinder him or her from achieving
desirable performance.

Results and conclusion.
After collecting the qualitative data on the opinions and contribution of the employees on factors
that hinder their performance. The researcher might come up with the following results and
conclusions.
a) Most employees might be receiving low salaries and wages hence this factor lowers their
morale towards work and tasks allocated to them hence poor performance.
b) heavy workloads –this is a factor that deters employees from performing this is because in the
long run the employees become disgruntled with their work and the effects of these are seen in
the quality of their work. Lot of workload also causes stress, demoralization and tolls on their
health.
c) Poor leadership-some employees work best under instruction and supervision and if these are
not given to them their performance may be dismal. Harassment by management may also cause
aggressiveness and punitive behavior of the employees.
D) stress-employees who are stressed especially in the work place do not perform. this is because
the modern work places are full of demands, deadlines causing the employees to work under
pressure hence poor performance.
e) Gossip, clash of values and lack of transparency-work place consists of people from different
walks of life and if they do not understand each other and respect each other’s values havoc may
arise leading to poor coordination in work place hence poor performance.

f) Poor working conditions also demoralize the employees and may lead to employees
performing poorly.
In conclusion a qualitative research outlines the opinions, ideas and factors that are collected
from respondents and interpreting them to come up with solid and concrete conclusion.



Quantitative method:

I have chosen the quantitative method because quantitative observation relies on numbers to analyze
and verify specific data and information. “It is the empirical-analyst research par excellence” (Kenton,
2020). Things are produced by a cause and effect, starting from quantitative questions. For my study, I
think this method is the best because it will allow me to get answers to specific questions. I like this
method better because I can reach conclusions based on real facts.


For this assignment, I have decided to conduct a study on eating habits. This is the questionnaire:
QN.1 Do you have access to internet?
A) Yes
B) No
QN.2 How many hours do you spend surfing on the internet per day?
A) 0-1 hour
B) 1-2 hours
C) 2-3 hours
D) 3 or more hours
QN.3 How many computers or laptops do you have?
A) 1
B) 2
C) 3
D) More than 4
QN.4 How many hours do you spend on social media (Facebook, twitter, Instagram, so on?
A) 0-1 hour
B) 1-2 hours
C) 2-3 hours
D) More than 3 hours


QN.5 How many hours do you spend per day on the internet for educational purposes?
A) 0-2 hours
B) 2-4 hours
C) 4-6 hours
D) More than 6 hours


References,

Kenton, W. (2020). Quantitative analysis (QA). Retrieved from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/q/quantitativeanalysis.asp

Rebecca Mazin.(2017).Factors That Affect Employee Performance in a Organization. Retrieved from https://bizfluent.com/list-5923847-factors-affect-employee-performance-organization.html