For this unit’s Written Assignment, you will utilize the UoPeople library to find 2-3 sources for your own research paper. You will then create a 2-3 paragraph Literature Review based upon your own analysis and synthesis of those sources. You grade will primarily focus on the use of your own ideas to group together your sources for your own research paper. Your ability to create and give credit via APA In-Text Citations and a Reference page is also a focus.

If you need an extra tip for this process, refer back to the University of Cumbria’s critical reading questions you have worked with in the past units.


ANSWER:


WRITTEN ASSIGNMENT UNIT 4

ENGL 1102 - English Composition 2

UNIVERSITY OF THE PEOPLE



Literature evaluation for my observe paper on Eating Healthy:

In her book, Lesica, (2017) talks approximately the demanding situations human beings revel in with the information of information which you benefit weight due to the truth they devour more electricity than they burn, but no matter this information it even though takes vicinity and this will be attributed to many environmental elements withinside the mind and frame that make contributions to this. Environmental mismatches are one in each of the biggest reasons for humans to devour more than what they require number one to weight benefit.

Booker (2015) identifies food as one in each of humanity's most easy needs. He moreover identifies the truth that humans have to be interesting in consuming food that is produced locally and naturally, as this has huge cost and health benefits. As an example, if humans make a clean extrude which includes changing one day's pork consumption to that of consuming fish, eggs, or greens it can have huge impacts on one non-public way of life similar to the environment.

Thus, in so, are we able to begin enhancing our diets and the number of calories, we eat to ensure a more suit lifestyle? A behavioral alternate is an exquisite begin and each one people in particular due to the fact we`ve one-of-a-kind existence and schedules. A proper manner to begin an alternate in routine and clean up your eating regimen is to begin via way of monitoring what you consume. If you bring together a listing of the foods, you eat you can recognize the healthy and threatening foods. Once you`ve had been given diagnosed with this you may discover the artificial meals to transport to greater healthy and clean meals. An instance of this may be to alternate morning breakfast pastries and complete cream mile espresso to granola with the almond mile and black espresso with honey as a sweetener. Another instance can be to update afternoon goodies with fruit or fruit salad. If we become aware of what we consume and we make incremental changes we can speedy recognize the benefits of greater healthy living.

References:
Lesica, N. (2017). Calories in. In Conversation about Healthy Eating (pp. 39-62). London: UCL
Press. Retrieved from http://www.jstor.org/stable/j.ctt1rfzxmw.7

Booker, M. (2015). What Should We Eat? RCC Perspectives, (1), 45-52. Retrieved from
http://www.jstor.org/stable/26241306

Lesica, N. (2017). Behavioral change. In Conversation about Healthy Eating (pp. 194-214). London:
UCL Press. Retrieved from http://www.jstor.org/stable/j.ctt1rfzxmw.16