
Number of replies: 13
Factors are qualitative data that are associated with categorization or the description of an attribute.  Factors are often (but not always) represented with words, like colors or names of things.  On the other hand, numeric data are generated by numeric measurements. R can store values as factors or numbers, but sometimes you have a choice of how to represent values.

1) I have two apples, one banana, one cherry.  Does it make sense to calculate the "average" of these things?  Would you code that as a factor or a numeric value in R?

2) I have four quiz scores: 94, 93, 85, and 0.  What is the mean (average) of my quiz scores? Would you code this as a factor or a numeric value in R?

3) In another class, I received these grades on my quizzes: two As, one B, and one F. What is the mean (average) of my grades? Would you code that as a factor or a numeric value in R?

4) How would you explain the difference in mean values obtained in #2 and #3 above?

There is no requirement to use sources from the Internet, but if you use an idea or a quotation from any source, it should be cited (such as putting the author and year at the end of the sentence and then adding a reference at the end to describe the source).







ANSWER:


This topic's discussion is about Factors and Numeric Data.

ANSWER 1: In the beginning, I could imagine that  I have two apples, one banana, one cherry.  In my opinion, this numeric data does not make sense to calculate the average of the quantity of those things. Maybe, the fruits are different and it was a general common sense matter. As we can able to count those different fruits and also able to code those as a numeric value which we can define as R.



ANSWER 2: In my second point, if I have four quiz scores: 94, 93, 85, and 0. This mean (average) of my quiz scores is practically able to calculate the average in this case, we could use numeric data so that it would be created by numeric measurements. Finally, we could define this numeric value in R. On the other hand, this code would be as a factor or a numeric value in R because it has the average which is counted as equal to the sum of the four scores 93+85+0+94=272 partial by 4, as it is equal to 68. As a result, it would be called a coded "number".



ANSWER 3: In my third response, if  I received these grades on my quizzes: two As, one B, and one F. This means (average) of my grades is going to be the data of the numeric as the letter grades will be represented as the numbers. In this case, each of these grades will be shows a range of the possibilities of the values. As a result,  the letter grades would not be able to be any numbers and the letter grades will be called coded "factors" which represents qualitative data.



ANSWER 4: In my fourth point, I want to explain the difference in mean values obtained in #2 and #3 above. But in my view, I don't think there is any various to explain. But we can still explain that there is only a word which is dissimilation that shows the output of the deduction among two numbers, that has no case. The letter grades might able to converted into numbers, but an average would be able to calculate.





