For your Discussion Assignment, you will write about the setting of the science fiction world from the reading you chose in this week's reading assignment. Was it believable? Can you see this happening in our future? Tell us why you think this story could happen or why you think there is no way a story like it could happen.

In addition, you must extend the discussion by responding to at least three (3) of your peers’ postings in the Discussion Forum and by rating their posts. Instructions for proper posting and rating are provided inside the Discussion Forum for each week.

PLEASE READ:

Hi, Everyone.

If you decide to read "The Eyes Have It," please be aware that there is a lot of wordplay and many idiomatic expressions. It is more comedy than sci fi. For a start, "The eyes have it" is a play on words. The expression is "The ayes have it," meaning that more people said yes than no. Aye = yes. Here is a list of some examples:

“…his eyes slowly roved about the room” = He looked slowly around the room
“…his eyes moved from person to person” = Same – looking around the room at the other people
“The eyes had clearly come apart from the rest of him and were on their own” = The narrator mistakenly thinks that the character’s eyes became detached from their body
“…presently his eyes fastened on Julia” = He looked right at Julia and stared at her
“…he put his arm around Julia. Presently she asked him if he would remove his arm. He immediately did so, with a smile” = He was embracing her and she asked him to stop
Man with arm around woman
“…outside the movie theater we split up. Part of us went inside, part over to the café for dinner” = Some of the group went to the café, the other part of the group didn’t
“…he has utterly no guts” = He is a coward
“Julia had given her heart to the young man” She fell in love with him
“I have absolutely no stomach for it” = He can’t handle it/isn’t emotionally strong enough for it



ANSWER:

By referring to Kurt Vonnegut, I was able to decipher: 2 B R 0 2 B. The tale is ready in a post-apocalyptic international wherein overpopulation ruined the sector. In this destiny populace management has been enforced with managed euthanisation centres or assisted suicide centres as a part of the management - encouraging the human beings to maintain the populace in check, the sector is at peace, there may be greater than sufficient to preserve its population and the issues of an overpopulated international are eradicated (Vonnegut. 1962.)

We are a minute to midnight

Professor Bartlett`s beaker principle is possibly satisfactory recognised due to the book (now movie), Inferno (Brown. 2016). Bartlett's beaker is the principle of Exponential boom in a finite environment, similar to people in this blue-inexperienced spec withinside the cosmos. The movie explains the principle exceptionally well, I've delivered the CLIP for precisely that motive BECAUSE does it so well (Brown, Howard. 2016).


The reality is that overpopulation is a risk that we can`t overlook, and it appears simply as we people have left out the troubles of the past. Mans's no-effect outlook on the planet's finite assets will over again be the basis of coming troubles. The proof is overwhelmingly towards us, and evidently, we've little regard for the approaching troubles we face.


As the clip says - we`re a minute to midnight. We can not see the hassle 1 minute earlier than the beaker spills - even at 11:59, the beaker remains 1/2 of empty. The query is - what is going to the destiny maintain whilst we're confronted with absolutely the fact of starvation, famine, disease... We have relative abundance now - what is going this destiny maintain?

Is it so unreasonable to trust that we as a species must probably put together for drastic measures to decrease overpopulation? Do you actually suppose that destiny of deliberate manage isn't always viable? Let`s simply say that we've little wondering to do.


References:

Brown, D. (2016). Inferno. London: Corgi Books.

Brown, D. (Producer), & Howard, R. (Director). (2016). Inferno [Motion Picture]. United States: Columbia Pictures. - CLIP https://youtu.be/Hq4aNGj7xWQVonnengut, K. (1962, January). 2 B R 0 2 B. Retrieved from http://www.gutenberg.org/files/21279/21279-h/21279-h.html


