Learning Journal Unit 4
Your Written Assignment was to create a news article out of the story you read. Your Learning Journal will now explore the real news that came from science fiction. Using your own words, discuss any piece of technology that we have now that was seen in science fiction before it was made in real life. For example, you could discuss cell phones and Star Trek communicators. The word limit is 250 words.

ANSWER:

We have seen so many technologies in Science fiction movies since the beginning, which becamea reality nowadays. It is amazing to see how they predicted at that time when technology was not far enough as nowadays. If it would have been predicted during the current era it would have been something different as we are so highly advanced that anything is possible and it would make sense. But during the old times, it is really incredible. The way they thought and came up with ideas. There is really a wide range of things, which we can discuss. Like the Hover Boards used in Back to the Future Movie part 2. The Self-driving car in the Movie total recall made in the 90's which was predicted in the year 2084. But now it's a reality as there are a lot of big companies like Lexus, BMW Mercedes all making self-driving cars. It is expensive right now but there will be a time that it would be affordable and would be used by the majority of the public. As whenever a new technology is introduced, they are all expensive but slowly it becomes affordable. But the best one was the military drones used in the terminator movie in 1984. I am a big fan of the terminator series since childhood and watched all those movies growing up and amazingly still, they are producing it. But now drones are a reality and as I said when technology is common it becomes affordable. You can purchase and afford a drone and use it very easily. People are using it for all kinds of benefits. From medical help to protecting a country, as well for own photography and Video blogs. In addition, criminals are also taking advantage of this technology, as there was a case when the drug cartels tried to transfer drugs through it over the border but luckily, the drone could not handle the weight and fell and was caught. Some of us born in the 70's and 80's have been really lucky to live life without cellphonesetc. to the technological advancements. As the new generation cannot feel what was it like then and now which we have experienced single-handedly.

References:

Cavendish, L., & All About Space. (2020, March 25). Welcome to the future: 11 ideas that went from science fiction to reality. Retrieved from https://www.space.com/science-fiction-turned-reality.html

Johnson, D. (2019, May 11). 9 predictions from old sci-fi movies that actually came true. Retrieved from https://www.businessinsider.com/sci-fi-movie-predictions-2019-5#self-driving-cars-total-recall-1990-9


