The ability to analyze a story can be further demonstrated by creating something new. For your Written Assignment, you will take the story you read for this week and write a one paragraph news story based upon the story.  Think of how a news reporter would explain those events to an audience. Focus on what you think the main facts of the story are and deliver it as a news article written by you.

Remember: You can quote dialog here, but you must create the news article using original work.




ANSWER:


ENGL 1405 - World Literature
University of the People
Katherine Burton (Instructor) 

My tasks are primarily based totally on the story "A Sound of Thunder" with the aid of using Ray Bradbury. Of course, I can assemble the identity as: "A butterfly from the beyond decided the election results," the usage of the lively voice, however, I removed a few articles (a, the), preposition (with the aid of using), and auxiliary verb (was) from the passive voice creation on purpose. The passive voice withinside the identify is used knowingly as well. I pay your attention: please, do now no longer do not forget it blunders whilst you verify my tasks. 

Breaking News: Election Determined Butterfly from The Past 

Deutscher has emerged as the president of White House on a glad occasion, which had an area withinside the beyond. Thousands of human beings exit the streets, disturbing an election review. As our correspondent became informed, a butterfly triggered distinctive election results. The statistics have become to be had a way to unlicensed time travellers who had discovered flagrant violations devoted with the aid of using TimeSafari Inc. Details of the occasion are as follows: 3 hunters and publications went on a safari for a dinosaur hunt. All matters have been as deliberate however at the ultimate moment, one of the hunters (Mr Eckels) grew to become yellow, and he became commanded to go back to a time machine. While returning, the hunter stepped other than an anti-gravity tune and dared stroll withinside the historical jungle wherein he overwhelmed a butterfly. The unlicensed time travellers traced the feasible destiny line of the butterfly. They insist that if now no longer for the butterfly, we might have Keith, who received the presidential election yesterday, now no longer Deutscher. However, that hunter and a negative butterfly is one facet of the story. In addition, a hunter`s victim, a large Tyrannosaurus Rex, destroyed an excellent part of the anti-gravity tune at the same time as falling. A unique police unit is departing to the beyond to test the unplanned deaths of different beings, except the butterfly and the dinosaur. This tale increases distinctive questions: Will Deutscher preserve his post? Will time journey be forbidden? Will Eckels take a role in Deutscher`s government? Follow us. Breaking news. Especially for ENGL 1405.


References,

Ray Bradbury, "A Sound of Thunder," in R is for Rocket, (New York: Doubleday, 1952), Retrieved from: http://www.astro.sunysb.edu/fwalter/AST389/ASoundofThunder.pdf





