For your first Discussion Assignment, you will write about the four (4) main things you noticed about the story you read. Do NOT retell the story, but give a description of what you thought about in relation to the story when you read it. What stood out for you? What made you think?

In addition, you must extend the discussion by responding to at least three (3) of your peers’ postings in the Discussion Forum and by rating their posts. Instructions for proper posting and rating are provided inside the Discussion Forum for each week.

ANSWER:

Hello peers,

In my first week of this course, I read the story which name was "One These Days" and it was written by G. G . Marquez. When I was reading the story things catch my eye which was the narrators were wrote related to two men. That two men were not expertise and the for this reason the dentist do treatment at his home rather doing any appropriate surgery. 

Moreover, the dentist got connected with his son and he was very young in the medical sector in my view I understand that this was unfitting for him. Then, the mayor of the town visited that dentist and he found the dentist's sons outside. He had asked that dentist's son where was his father because he visit for the consultation which was an exchange of words, as well as the kid, had tried to pass the words among them. Besides this, I observe that these type of people live their life a bit strange way in our world and they do not afraid of any threat, however, the dentist's son also speaks with his father where the mayor would shoot him whether he attends or not. The dentist was saying, Please tell the mayor to come in front of him and shoot him. (Maquez, 1928-2014, p. 9). To wrap up, I think the mayor's behaviour was a bit crazy and the reason is he could be allowed the dentist to remove his tooth and suggest he use an anaesthetic and not inject anything in the tooth. 


Reference,

Marquez, G. G. (1928-2014) One Of These Days. Retrieved from https://www.classicshorts.com/stories/ootday.html

