
Learning Journal Unit 1
This week we have learned about how one can examine a fictional story critically. For your Learning Journal, you will discuss the importance of being able to analyze fiction and, if possible, how you can apply this analytical tool to your own life. The word limit is 250 words.

ANSWER:

In the beginning, when I was analyzing some fictional, novels or other things I think it was a kind of method which require maintaining accuracy. So, if any reader studies the whole story the reader can keep in mind that the story or novel needs to be unique which requires the point out the key things and these three primary things need to be mentioned which are given below.

1) Did the writer deliver the meaning that means to the readers?

2) Can the story do bearing anything? 

3) Were the characters within the tale accomplishing the favoured aim inside the tale? 

What is more, to make the correct examination of the literature is also important and it is also required to discuss some sensitive points where the fiction of the story including characters or any fairy tale events. Most fiction types of stories are hidden invisible ethics which would be unoriginal while reading the story. In the story while leaving feelings out and also it needs to try for the research in a good and effective way (Campsall, 2017). 

Reading good books can provide the ability to interact and communicate more with surrounding communities as assessments and life intentions are used in almost every aspect of our lives. While they may appear unimportant on the surface, they serve a very important purpose in our daily lives because they are used every day. (Bury, 2013). When a character is described in an intelligent and realistic manner, the writer performs constructive analysis and thinking based on intelligence and confronting situations. However, not all stories and narratives contain, but sometimes, essays contain uninspiring and unproductive messages, therefore, the reader must extract, evaluate, and conclude effectively and well from the texts he reads. 

Reference,

Liz Bury. (2013). Reading literary fiction improves empathy, study finds. Retrieved 6/23/18 from https://www.theguardian.com/books/booksblog/2013/oct/08/literary-fiction-improves-empathy-study  

Steve Campsall. (2017). Analyzing a story. Retrieved 6/23/18 from http://www.englishbiz.co.uk/mainguides/fiction.html

