Your posts should cover the questions below in full, and be at least 300 words long. Then reply to and peer-review at least three other posts by next Wednesday 11:59PM UoPeople Time, and rate the posts and replies.

One: If you live in the USA, then go to the EPA website at this following link, and at the bottom you will see a box titled “Your Community”... put in your zip code, and learn about land and environmental impacts in your local neighborhood. Then answer the questions below.

Environmental Protection Agency

Two: If you live in a country other than the USA, then research one local environmental or land use (agricultural or otherwise) concern or problem in your local area and country of residence. Then answer the questions below.

Some links to help you:

UNEP Africa

UNEP Asia

UNEP Europe

European Environment Agency

UNEP Latin America

Three: For all students choosing this DQ, also go to this link, and find your country on the list, then look at the ‘Environmental Snapshot’ file for it.

UN Statistics Division

Questions to Answer:

What environmental concerns in your local area did you learn about?

Did they surprise you? Why or why not?

What do you think can be done to improve this (these) situation(s), hazard(s), problem(s), or concern(s)?

Give two interesting facts that you learned about your country from the Environmental Snapshots page at the UN Statistics Division link.

What other thoughts would you contribute to the topic?
Any materials cited should be referenced using the style guidelines established by the American Psychological Association (APA).



ANSWER:


1. From what I have learned from my local area there are a few environmental concerns. Mainly airpollution and hazardous waste. So this entails air pollution and land pollution. There are dry cleaners and service stations in the area.


2. The results did not necessarily surprise me. It is not a very well taken care of area and well maintained area in terms of cleanliness and sustainability. I live in the city. Not really the best area but because of the high population in my area it is most likely to experience pollution of some sort. In this case being air and land pollution. This is because of the large quantity of people and diversity of emissions in the area for example dry cleaners and gas stations. I do believe that the sustainability of the area does play a role in how it is maintained and taken care of. 

3. The correct planning and disposing of hazardous materials is important to combat these cases of land pollution. Because dry cleaners cause air pollution by releasing toxic air pollutants from the solvents used in the dry cleaning operations it can be prevented by lowering emissions at the source. The businesses can check for leaks, do regular maintenance on equipment, cover containers of solvents to reduce solvent loss in the air and prevent spills from happening. In terms of hazardous waste both dry cleaners and service stations contribute to it. This can be improved by controlling and reducing spills and detecting leaks.


4. There was a 2% growth rate in the GDP from the previous year and a significant decrease in fish catch from the previous year by -3%. 

5. I personally believe if affective plans are put in place business and institutions can reduce pollution significantly by taking the necessary actions to prevent it and reduce it. Training of people should be taken seriously so they have an understanding of the importance of taking care of the environment and the negative impact that can happen if things are not done right.



References:


Page title. (Year, Month Day). Site Name. URLEnvironment Statistics Country Snapshot. (December, 2016). UN Statistics Division. https://unstats.un.org/unsd/environment/envpdf/Country_Snapshots_Dec_2016/United%20States%20of%20America.pdf