Learning Journal Unit 1
1. Write a brief introduction of yourself in the Learning Journal.

2. Explain why you took this course and what you hope to learn from it.

3. Please describe, in detail, some of the major environmental issues in your local village/community/town/region/nation. What are they? Why are they an issue? Do you know of any current actions to deal with it?

4. If you were to implement one, small, simple project in your local area or family in support of the environment, what would it be? Why?

5. One or two sentences of your own personal reflection on something you learned this week.



ANSWER:

1. Write a brief introduction of yourself in the Learning Journal.

My name is Badri Bista. I am 20 years old. I am from Nepal. Hinduism is my religion. Currently, I am learning computer science student at the University of the People. I am addicted to sports. Cricket is my favorite game and Virat Kohli is my favorite player.


2. Explain why you took this course and what you hope to learn from it.

As we all know the Environment is the most important thing for the creatures in the world as all of the requirements are fulfilled by the environment. I am a nature lover and I love to learn about the environment. As being a student of computer science I took this subject because I want to learn about the environment and know the preservative methods to protect the environment. I hope to learn about the factors of the environment, the benefits of the environment, factors affecting the environment, preservative method of environment, etc.



3. Please describe, in detail, some of the major environmental issues in your local village/community/town/region/nation. What are they? Why are they an issue? Do you know of any current actions to deal with it?

The environmental issues are nearly the same throughout the world. 

Some of the environmental issues of my local village/community/town/region/nation are;

a. Environmental pollution; The most dangerous issue of the environment is pollution. Due to pollution many environmental factors and components are in danger. All living beings are dying due to environmental pollution. 

b. Deforestation; The environment is directly affected by the act of deforestation. Many creatures lose their habitats due to this act. Many natural calamities occur due to this act which affects the environment.

c. excessive use of natural resources; People are using an excess amount of natural resources which affects the environment.

d. Overpopulation; The major issue of the environment is overpopulation. The population of the world is increasing day by day which results in more requirements of the environmental factors.

The action to deal with these issues are;

a. Environmental pollution should be controlled.

b. Afforestation should be done.


c. The use of natural resources should be controlled.

d. Overpopulation should be controlled.


4. If you were to implement one, a small, simple project in your local area or family in support of the environment, what would it be? Why?

If I were to implement one, a small, simple project in my area in support of the environment, it would bean afforestation campaign because it maintains the balance in the environment. 


5. One or two sentences of your own personal reflection on something you learned this week.


This week, I learned about the different agencies and rules made by different organizations to protect the environment.