Operating systems are in use everywhere in our society:

 

Discuss what processes on your PC you think are slowing down your system and what can you do to fix it.
Discuss the week's activities and your observations.
 

* In your own words (with references as needed), very briefly in 2 paragraphs


A:

    In the beginning, I am going to discuss about the process in our PC has which we think it can be slow down our system and in this case, the way we can fix our problem. When in our system we have more than one programs running it could definitely slow down our PC dramatically. If we want to fix it issue we need to disable the unnecessary start-up programs otherwise it would fail our hard drive with the harm sectors in another culprit.  Generally, in SSDs such as in HDDS we can always use for SSD. But if we make a comparison it is expensive. We also need to make sure that our hard drive should run to check whether we can see that our hard drive has able to cause any occurs in our PC while dragging it. We can also run out the free disk space with another cause as the PC has some lacks in the space temporary to store the files which is required in a seamless computing experience. We can also resolve the upgraded version in our hard drive in the capacity. Not only this we can also delete the unused files from our hard drive. If we do too much multi tasking it has damage and occurs some important lag in our RAM or Process or in our PC but it is not supported like humungous multitasking.  The task manager can also represents a snapshot in the way to identify the PC, RAM or disk management resources to sun the app while using it. Beside this, this can also help to make a decision of our program whether we could able to allow to run it operating at the same time. The low RAM can also occur in our PC if we did this multitask again and try to run the RAM-heavy programs. We could able to solve this again if we want to upgrade the version of our RAM and virus attacks can also happens in our root cause of the program to run which will be less than the optimum. In this case, if we want to fix this problem we have to run each virus or malware to scan by using updating method in the antivirus program. Overzealous is a anti-malware program which helps us to run the run in the regular background to check whether the PC will be slow down or not. Now we can solve this issue by configuring the antivirus  into our program which can be run by automated scans at the same time. If you do not use most often your PC. In our PC if we see that there is insufficient processor by cooling it also could cause lag. If we wan to make ensure that our PC is running well we need to open the space where it is heating the sinks or not in the well ventilated. But if we run our PC in the power saver mode it can make a limitation of the PC performance which can be solved by choosing or tweaking each power plan that does not overly compromise in our performance.  



   In my second point of the view, now I am going to discuss my activities and my observations in this week. The weekly tasks can be involve in the beginning of the learning guide for unit 2. I had check the learning guide and the study materials of this week. In this week in our following topic from the textbook I had to read dialog, process and API process. I had also explore that in the concept of the abstraction which has been related into the virtualized memory and the virtual processing. Next I had search that the operating systems plays an important role for enablers and resource managers in physical computer. But if we do not have any operating systems  we will be unable to log in and log out from our computer. Without having an operating system our computer RAM, hard drive space and processor APIs will be unable to allocate various types of apps successfully execution in our tasks. I had submitted my this week discussion posts assessment where I had discuss about the logic of Virtualization. Moreover I had written about the way our operating systems works in our PC which can able to create illusion of the virtualization to virtualize our CPU. It can also run the process we can be also stopped it and run in another way that also promotes the illusion which has several virtual PC. But i the real scenarios the only one physical CPU can promote the illusion. This process can make a easy possibility of the timesharing component as well as its own policies in the operating system.  I can also examine that, the fork() function in the written assignment which I already learned about it by using fork() method to utilize the function to build a new process by duplicating the recent calling process. I had next complete the self quiz and I had also learn and prepare myself for my next week grade quiz. 



References,
My computer is running slow, what steps can I do to fix it? (2020, December 31). Retrieved
April 18, 2021, from https://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch000179.htm
Stokes, N. (2019, November 10). 15 Reasons Why Your Computer is Slow. Retrieved April 18,
2021, from https://www.techlicious.com/tip/reasons-why-your-computer-is-slow/
Techcloud. (2019, April 12). 5 Reasons Why Your Computer is Running Slow - And 5 Ways to
Speed Things Up. Retrieved April 18, 2021, from https://cmitsolutions.com/blog/computer-
running-slow-5-reasons-5-ways-speed-things/
Why your PC is so slow... and how you can speed it up. (n.d.). Retrieved April 18, 2021, from
https://www.ccleaner.com/knowledge/why-your-pc-is-so-slow-and-how-you-can-speed-it-up




