 Hi everyone,

Please read the opinion articles from Chapter 9 of the Corporate Social Responsibility textbook that you find in the reading assignment.

Based on what you have learned in this unit, answer the following questions:

When you buy clothing do you check the inside label to see where the item was manufactured? Would it matter to you to discover that an item was manufactured in Bangladesh?
If you found an article of clothing that had a label stating that it was manufactured in the United States, would this make it more attractive to you? What if the item was 20% or 30% more expensive, would that keep you from buying it?
What is the best way to make sure the workers in factories are treated fairly? Can you come up with one detailed proposal?


ANSWER:

 
ANSWER 1:

In my own opinion I would like to say yes. If I always check the product had been manufactured or not. Because I had no idea about the textile industries in Bangladesh. In the course of, I like to buy clothes that have made by Bangladesh and wearing those clothes without knowing where the clothes has been manufactured and how the workers were treated while working gonthat manufactured company. Over and above, gathering traces Bangladeshi factories workers are facing terrify conditions and many people are been bound to work for 14-16 hours every day and no holiday or weekends they have. Most of the workers finish their work at 3am or 4am and start their work again in the mornings 7 am. We can say that Bangladesh Clothing factories are heartbreaking situation. When I heard about this it becomes hard for me to control my emotions and not to buy any cloths which is made by Bangladesh. But this decision also will not change Bangladesh workers' situation and many workers will lose their jobs and it would become hard for them to survive with family.  

ANSWER 2: 

Furthermore, assuming that, I create an article about the clothing which are label naming that, it had manufactured in America or US. That would also not be agreeable for me. As reported by, Fashion United of the Western Buyers makes interest arbitrary discounts frequently postpone the payments to manufactured and manufactures needs to say about their illegal behavior of buyers. For this reason I am not interested about the US based manufactured clothing. Because US Manufacturers import clothes at a low price and sell those cloths in high price. In South Africa clothes which are labeled by the US were very costly to afford for the middle class of people but local brands are in the budget for. Only rich people are able to purchase the US manufactured brands clothes. Whether the item is 20 or 30 percent more overpriced I still recommend not buy those and the reason is it because the same situation for the items which are low price. 


ANSWER 3:

Now I am going to talk about the best way to make sure that the factories workers were not treated moderately and those are:

- We need to make sure that the inspectors are being checked by those factories notwithstanding means someone outside of the company who are not allowed to take sides. The inspectors can decide on by inspecting whether there are not under 18 years old children are not been employed and no violated inside the factory and check wherever the workers are earning enough salary. 

- By passing through a shutdown on industries which still keep on importing clothes from countries specifically Bangladesh even though knowing certain workers are not being treated well. This is the factor where the industries only care about the benefits until now they never consider the workers by working in these situations. 

- The government should make a law for the workers right and ensure that the worker is not treated badly in factories. 

References,

Henkel, R. (July 1, 2020). Clothing Manufacturers From Bangladesh: “This Behavior is Driving Factories into their Death Throes”. Fashion news, Fashion Jobs, Network, Career, Job Board, Designer Jobs, Fashionjobs, London, UK. Retrieved on October 6, 2020 from. https://fashionunited.uk/news/business/clothing-manufacturers-from-bangladesh-this-behavior-is-driving-factories-into-their-death-throes/2020070149633

War on Want. (June 23, 2015). Sweatshops in Bangladesh. Retrieved on October 6, 2020 from. https://waronwant.org/sweatshops-bangladesh