Please read the reading materials from the Chapter 8 of the Corporate Social Responsibility textbook. Based on what you have learned in this unit, answer the following questions:
 After studying this chapter, are you more likely or less likely to buy fair trade coffee? Why or why not?
Is there another way of achieving the objectives of improving the lives of developing-country farmers and producers than the Fair Trade approach? Describe at least one option.
Why do consumers buy Fair Trade products? List a few reasons and analyze each of them.
Written Assignment Requirements
Submit a written paper that is a minimum of one typewritten page (approximately 500 to 700 words) with an introduction and conclusion. This paper shall demonstrate the use of standard written English with respect to organization, grammar, spelling, composition, sentence structure, punctuation, and construction. The paper should cite sources to support your ideas. Refer to the UoPeople APA Tutorials in the LRC for help with APA citations.
Written Assignment Peer Assessment
In the unit following the submission of your written assignment, you will peer assess three (3) of your classmates’ assignments according to the instructions found in the Assessment Form. During this peer assessment period, you are expected to provide details in the feedback section of the Assessment Form, indicating why you awarded the grade that you did to your peer. The written assignment grade is comprised of a combination of your submission (90%) and your peer assessments (10%).
Written Assignment Peer Assessment Rubric
For this assignment, your peers will be evaluating your work with the following criteria:

Did the paper explain the personal reasons behind either willingness or unwillingness to buy fair trade coffee?
Did the paper discuss at least one way of achieving the objectives of improving the lives of developing-country farmers and producers other than the Fair Trade approach?
Did the paper describe the reasons due to which consumers buy Fair Trade products?
Paper submitted is well constructed using APA format. The paper should be a minimum of one typewritten page (approximately 500 to 700 words) with an introduction and conclusion. This paper shall demonstrate use of standard written English with respect to: organization, grammar, spelling, composition, sentence structure, punctuation, and construction.


ANSWER:


INTRODUCTION:

The idea of honest alternate arose withinside the mid-20th century as a way of presenting farmers and farm employees round the sector with employment blessings much like the ones located in advanced nations" (Jimenez & Pulos, 2016). Primary honest alternate operates as a certification machine below which certified manufacturers this is manufacturers who observe positive environmental and hard work requirements are assured a minimal fee for his or her production (Jimenez & Pulos, 2016).

1. After studying this chapter, are you more likely or less likely to buy fair trade    coffee? Why or why not? 

After studying that bankruptcy, I'm much more likely to buy an honest alternative coffee. This is because "the increase in actual substitutes has secured the price of and  the sales of manufacturers in emerging countries are stable for the purpose of investing in social  infrastructure and green farming methods" (Jimenez & Plulos, 2016). Fair trade coffee is also made using sustainable farming methods that are environmentally friendly and child labor free. Honest alternatives aren't perfect, but at least some confirm through audits that the diet is constant and that  selling financial improvements to growing countries is  no longer the easiest. There are rules in this area (Jimenez & Plos, 2016). It may be inconsistent, but to be honest, in this international match, as long as you diagnose and improve the error, everything will not be perfect and you will certainly get some credit points.

2. Is there another way of achieving the objectives of improving the lives of    developing-country farmers and producers than the Fair Trade approach? Describe at least one option. 

Yes, no, motivation comes first. If there is a higher choice, it may exist. I say this because the unpaved alternative seems to include all the examples of moral obligations that a company must meet. There may be discrepancies, but there are open alternatives to ensure that these discrepancies are corrected. Companies with these honest choices are not the best, but the above rules apply in the field. Instead of people trying to find a better way now, why not take advantage of what we have now? Fill the gap and make sure that today's trade show swap companies are presenting inconsistencies. It can also raise awareness of the true choices so that more people can be involved and activate the movement. This is because  the best paintings no longer appear in  the ever-growing number of international location selections. As a result, toxicity is significantly reduced or genetic engineering is significantly reduced and significantly increased. This is the basis of the actual alternative (the financial boom in a growing international place is a growing international one). Get a convenient and real choice in a convenient place). 

However, I believe that the goal of improving the lives of  US farmers and manufacturers under development could be achieved by means other than fair trade with the help of government agencies. Also, in order to secure the presence of farmers and large-scale agricultural products, authorities are demanding the construction or improvement of infrastructure including roads connecting markets (city) and farms or factories for  smooth transportation of agricultural products. .. I can do it. Unsecured tuition supports farmers and their families depending on whether they offer their hobby mortgages.


3. Why do consumers buy Fair Trade products? List a few reasons and analyze  each of them. 

According to the article, buyers purchase Fair Trade products with the aim of providing farmers and their employees with the same employment benefits as in developed countries (Jimenez & Plulos, 2016). This  works as a transitive option to the financial system of emerging markets. The Fair Exchange is also being promoted as an initiative praising principled or prepared production in a growing country (Jimenez & Plos, 2016). This allows farmers and their farmers to do more, even with some ethics. Finally, buyers also buy Fair Trade products. This is to motivate the criteria that potential certified manufacturers  are guaranteed a minimum fee to manufacture them (Jimenez, & Plos, 2016). This approach of financially safeness (stabilizing income) for these manufacturers can increase productivity.

Conclusion:

The last purpose of truthful exchange is to make lifestyles higher for the ones concerned withinside the method of planting and harvesting coffee. Especially humans withinside the growing world.

REFERENCE,

Jimenez, G. C., & Pulos, E. (2016). Good Corporation, Bad Corporation: Corporate Social Responsibility in the Global Economy. Open SUNY Textbooks. https://milnepublishing.geneseo.edu/good-corporation-bad-corporation/













