
Consider a time when you were ill and experienced a decrease in your Quality of Life (either short term or long term).  Discuss the ways the illness negatively impacted your Quality of Life.  Also, share the impact of medical or CAM treatments on your Quality of Life if applicable.  If you haven’t ever had an illness that negatively impacted your Quality of Life, you can discuss the experience of a family member or friend.  

End your discussion with one well thought out question related to this unit or to health psychology in general.

Your Discussion should be at least 250 words in length, but not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references for the textbook and any other sources used.


ANSWER:

Health –associated nice of existence is an idea that measures an individual`s wellbeing. It consists of domain names associated with social functioning, mental, mental kingdom, emotional, and an individual`s bodily fitness (Ogden, 2017). This idea goes past instant measures of existence expectancy, fitness populations, and makes a specialty of the impact fitness reputation has on nice of existence. I had a chum of mine who had kidney failure disease. During the early levels of this illness, he changed into anticipated to move on dialysis 3 or 4 instances a week. This affected him very an awful lot, and all he ought to see changed into death. Until now, he had become professional more than one losses; for instance difficulty of ordinary functionality, lack of bodily strength, related comorbidities, independence, medicine aspect effects, freedom, and social existence, reducing his nice of existence. He went through a kingdom of rejection via way of means of his own circle of relatives members, anger, resistance and later his very own depression; this negatively impacted his nice of existence.

Later on, my pal underwent kidney transplant remedy which turned into taken into consideration the exceptional desire with the aid of using his health practitioner as he said that this form of remedy turned into related to decrease mortality and a more fit psychosocial final results in comparison to present process dialysis. This remedy advanced his great of life; however; the notable is despite the fact that reduced in evaluation to that of the population.. Sometimes, he does enjoy fitness anxiety, sleep disturbances, cognitive disturbances and every now and then ache because of medicine aspect effects. It is now 5 years on account that he acquired a kidney donor and to this point he's turning into active, returning to his feeling of normality, to his life. Question: What is the significance of fitness-associated great of life?

Reference,

Ogden, J. (2017). Unit 8:  Health Outcomes and Quality of Life (QoL). In the  Psychology of Health   and   Illness:   An   Open   Access   Course.   Retrieved   fromhttps://my.uopeople.edu/pluginfile.php/927559/mod_page/content/7/Ogden%20-%20The%20psychology%20of%20health%20and%20illness_2019.pdf


