
Learning Journal Unit 8
As you reflect back on what you learned in this course, share one or two of the most helpful insights you gained along with a brief description of the theories or ideas that led to those insights. How do you plan to apply what you learned in this course?

The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources.


ANSWER:


There are lots of questions that we've got as people that can not be answered in actual terms. For example, the questions on how we can maintain, protect, and get higher at our fitness, as long as there aren't anyt any logical manner to fitness, and the manner it may be measured. I got here to apprehend that, fitness psychology gives us a broad-minded method to know-how our fitness, informing and teaching us, supporting us apprehend that we will take manipulate of our typical well-being. When we apprehend how and why our bodies are responding to certain bodily problems, we're higher capable of receiving solutions. One of the fashions which could guide my insights is the biopsychosocial version which turned into advanced through Engel (1977), which advised that, for one to apprehend an individual`s scientific circumstance it isn't always the organic elements have to be considered, however additionally the social elements and mental elements (Ogden, 2017).

The organic factor researches the mental reasons for disease. According to this version, the mental motive by myself isn't enough to finish the incidence of infection inside the body, except it's far observed with the aid of using the alternative elements of this version as well. Many problems or ailments have positive organic elements at their base, including low immunity, genetic troubles, and hormones. The mental factor, on the other hand, indicates that after a person is unwell there are probably a few underlying intellectual states that make contributions to the signs and symptoms of that infection. Identifying any mental troubles that can be affecting a person's health, without delay or indirectly, including, poor thinking, depression, low self-esteem, and addiction, allows health workers to apprehend the way to deal with positive ailments (Ogden, 2017).


The social function of the biopsychosocial version depends on the surroundings that surround an unwell person. Medical professionals examine the infection from a sociological factor of view, and later decide what outside elements may also have contributed to the manifestation of the ailment inside the patient. Through the expertise received after going through this version, one could assist a pal or a member of the family in dealing with continual situations or, supporting them, discover methods to keep away from avoidable sicknesses via way of means of dwelling a wholesome lifestyle. I plan to apply what I have discovered via way of means of reading, underlying behaviors, and numerous sports that affect my social and wellbeing. By that specialize in health-improving sports including decreasing volatile behaviors, exercise, and on a way to broaden techniques that could have an effect on my pals and own circle of relatives to extrade behaviors to sell higher health.


Reference,

Ogden, J. (2017). Unit 2: The Role of Behavior in Health. In the Psychology of Health and Illness, pp. 13 - 28: An Open Access Course. Retrieved from https://my.uopeople.edu/pluginfile.php/927559/mod_page/content/7/Ogden%20-%20The%20psychology%20of%20health%20and%20illness_2019.pdf




