Learning Journal Unit 7
This unit’s Learning Journal focuses on creating an Abstract for your own paper. Remember, keep your Abstract to under 250 words and keep it in APA format along with keywords listed at the end. This will be one of the final steps in creating your research paper. It is also the first thing a reader will see, so make the Abstract as strong as you can.

 In this assignment, state your thesis first and then your Abstract.

Your instructor will use the following rubric to grade your Learning Journal:


Aspect 1: Did the student write an Abstract?
Aspect 2: Does the abstract match the student’s paper?
Aspect 3: How complete is the abstract? Are there areas that need work?
Aspect 4: Is this a work of original thought? Has the student grasped what the direction the research should take in order to explore the thesis?
Aspect 5: Is the results section free from grammar and spelling errors? Are there repeating errors that can be pointed out?



ANSWER:


Thesis Statement:

Effects of Social Media in Our Daily Life.

Abstract:



In the beginning, I need to speak about the consequences of social media on our everyday lives. Nowadays, social media has become necessary, as most university students have become dependent on applying to social media platforms. Every day, many users report an increase in their use of social media platforms to communicate. Multitasking, which means balancing social media, has generally increased. In spite of this, multitasking and the increase in university student users of social media are affecting their academic performance also. The primary goal of this research was to observe how these two habits affect the academic performance of university students. Many researchers have found that when students use social media, they do not use it for educational purposes. In this case, students were using social media for non-academic purposes. Among other things, they played games and chatted with strangers, making friends and developing bonds with them. Most of the students lose concentration in their studies and, finally, they get low-grade points on their exams. To wrap up, we can therefore conclude that if someone cannot balance using social media while multitasking, it negatively affects the academic performance of any student. If we think about the solution, our parents also have the responsibility to check whether their children are focusing more on social media usage than completing their academic tasks. Many undergraduates lose attention during their studies because they multitask on social media. If their parents guide them and do not allow them to use social media during study time, it might help the student not be distracted.



Keywords:

Social media usage, social media multitasking, Academic performance, University students


Reference,

Lau, W. (2017). Effects of social media usage and social media multitasking on the academic performance of university students. Computers In Human Behavior, 68, 286-291. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.chb.2016.11.043