In your own words, write a one paragraph response to this question: What makes a good abstract? Defend your answer.



ANSWER:

Qsn: In your own words, write a one-paragraph response to this question: What makes a good abstract? Defend your answer. Clarinda(2013)

First, an abstract is a kind of summary that analyzes an article or thesis; offers a review, explains why or what the studies changed into, and is supposed to help the reader find the precis of the study. If we need to put in writing a great abstract, it's essential to make it short, and every phrase should be countable, even if it's nonetheless effective. While it's also essential to ensure that every sentence has a clear and clean connection to the principal point. The research must now be no more than 250 words, and the author should concentrate on writing in a simple way. In addition to creating bullet points, the author wishes to arrange and describe the studies paper well. Moreover, the writer also needs to avoid filtering words and complicated idioms or vocabulary. When using a summary, a creator wishes to provide that the summary they're writing may be without problems for study and that the subject is comprehensible to the reader. By gathering, researching, processing data, and stating the outcomes, the writer can demonstrate his approach in the research paper. Besides this, the main reason the abstract should be like a movie trailer is. When people find something interesting in an abstract, they will take a keen interest in reading the whole thing in an article or manuscript. On the other hand, if the writer's summary no longer creates an awesome effect and grasps the reader's attention, the study paper can get rejected. Because the readers will read the writers' approach via electronic searches, it is important to make the writing impressive before publishing it. Clarinda(2013)


References:

Clarinda C. (2013). A 10-step guide to make your research paper abstract more effective. Editage Insights. https://www.editage.com/insights/how-to-write-an-effective-title-and-abstract-and-choose-appropriate-keywords?refer=scroll-to-2-article&refer-type=article