Recall your MBTI profile and write a short description of who you are as a leader. Use your knowledge as of now—so, do not copy any earlier statements. Prepare a new description and note any changes or developments.

Describe how your learning of the two leadership tools, SCARF and NVC, can help you become the leader you want to be. Write a minimum of 500 words.

Assignment check list:

Did I allocate at least 1.5-2 hours to reflect upon and research the topic?
Did I look at my work critically? Do I know now which parts are great and which parts might be improved?
Does my text reflect the thoughtfulness that is being asked? Did I prepare the first and the second drafts? This means another hour or two—depending on your skills and speed. This also means: did I practice self-correction that is done by more reflection, re-reading and asking for help, if needed? Did I do that? How long did it take me?
Did I make sure that what I wrote is original and there is no copying and pasting involved?
Did I check my text for clarity and proper English?
Did I describe how the SCARF and NVC tools can help me become the leader I want to be? This doesn’t mean describing the tools—as all participants, as well as your professor, are very familiar with them, but rather, saying how you would use them in your own life. So, what this means is: did I answer the “how”, rather than the “what” question?
Did I write at least 500 words? Am I proud of all of these words?
Note: Be advised that the scoring grid will be based on the above points, and specifically points 3-7. Each point (3-7) will be worth 20%, so five points = 100%.

Good luck, but most of all, good work, because luck has little to do with the mark you will receive.


ANSWER:

 

 

 

PSYC 1205 

  

Course Instructor: Tiffany Millacci 

  

University of the People 

 

 

 

 

Introduction: 

As stated by the truth that my man or woman has already been proven ENFJ. The foremost man or woman is someone who has the opportunity of extrapolation to extrapolate the value, it is impressive, socially, and clear. The foremost man or woman constantly brings his mind Internationally, we generally have ethics and modern-day activities as a manner to obtain hobby in vital things. I do now no longer understand the way to explain the lengthy manner to boil my man or woman, however, I commonly make myself without a doubt happy with myself. I genuinely use my social skills, use my social skills, I genuinely have an accident surrounding me via way of means of me. I study power and positive.  

 

 

 

Body: 

Always spontaneously to live passionately with loving. In buying and selling to my out of door countries, I genuinely have situations. The first case is an area where I make investments from my intuition to make investments from all people around me. And the alternative situation is outside, I am managing the placement as I believe and comply with my principles. Emotional "I recollect myself heat and emotional. I regularly hold my preferred form and act in line with my nature. I sense good. I need to take note of all the pix I obtain to obtain this, so I can do my process nicely and I get my process achieved. I regularly need to be on my own so that I can pay attention to things. 

 

I have a notable capacity to technique human beings and feature a notable hobby in human beings and their emotions. I have a notable capacity to apprehend human beings' emotions and what they want, and what they want although they don't. Strength is  

a) I have the right verbal exchange skills. Pay near interest to human beings' minds and motivations.  

b) Catalyst, inspiration, I can knock out nice human beings. Has a terrific feel of humor, is sexy, vibrant, and active.  

  

Weaknesses:  

a) Excessive enthusiasm could make me experience unrealistic.  

b) We express regret for this weakness, however, unfortunately, we hold to have a horrible own circle of relatives dating even when we observed it. 

  

- Quickly bored. 

  

In the report, in my opinion, the maximum centered elements for me that assist me to become the chief I need are: For SCARF. 

  

First: truth  

  

Where truth is one of the maximum fantastic elements of proscribing get right of entry to disputes for the duration of discussions. I suppose the concept of ##truth is the maximum vital concept I would like to observe unchangingly or enhance my behavior. Because truth in something makes me calmer in discussions and consequently a reﬂection of attention indirectly. So, I would love to be genuinely fantastic approximately all the topics that have been raised or referred to in my life. 

  

The 2nd factor is autonomy  

  

I take delivery of as proper that autonomy is the ability to boom the mind, we need to have excellent conﬁdence in ourselves and present it in order that we can efficiently present and apply it to ourselves ﬁrst and then to those round us. I see independence, through which I can gain my happiness. 

  

  

In the opinion of NVC, first: self-verbal exchange.  

  

Because self-verbal exchange is the mind that passes in my thoughts and my thoughts, it's also the voice of sense of right and wrong inside me, as it's miles a talk among thoughts and heart. I realize myself because of the maximum self-related person. In my non-public life. So self-verbal exchange frequently facilitates me to attain complete pleasure with my emotions and to stimulate what's inner me usually to attain complete pleasure with myself. 

  

  

 

 

The 2nd side: empathy  

  

Empathy is the cap potential to understand, reactivate and reply to a person else's experiences. I suppose I can regularly sympathize with others' thoughts via encouragement or aid via concord with that person's emotions. I can now no longer silence my emotions or conceal my sympathy with anyone. I suppose that if we do now no longer prompt or well-known our emotions, our lives will haven't any meaning. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Conclusion: 

 

From my point of view, denying a person's emotions, underestimating them, or attempting to extrude them will now no longer make one's emotions disappear or appear much less practical than they are; Emotions assist to prompt that person's credibility. Its topics whether we cannot ﬁnd solutions. But we're capable of listening, which enables us to consolation the different people. 

 

 

References,  

Rock, D. (2008). SCARF: A brain-based model for collaborating with and influencing others. Neuro Leadership Journal, 1.https://my.uopeople.edu/pluginfile.php/847696/mod_book/chapter/237204/NLJ_SCARFUS.pdf  

 Human metrics. (n.d.). Jung typology test. http://www.humanmetrics.com/cgi-win/jtypes2.asp 