
Various theories on globalization exist. Choose two from the readings and describe each—one you agree with and one you disagree with—briefly describe each theory, and explain your reasons for agreement and disagreement.

Discussion Guidelines

Share your thoughts and ideas on this week’s discussion forum prompts in a couple of paragraphs.
Respond to at least 3 peers. Your post to each peer must be relevant to the week’s topic and should be more than a simple statement of agreement.
Be kind, respectful, and resourceful on this forum. Speak with kindness, give your fellow classmates respect, and be resourceful to them by provided additional information about your topic, to ensure the conversation is ongoing.
Please return throughout the week to continue to participate and respond to anyone who has responded to you.
Be sure to cite any resources that you use in APA format.  Direct quotes should not be used in discussions


ANSWER:

In the beginning, I am going to talk about the globalization. It is a kind of system where the societies can be shared by their culture, money, or resources. It could be shared by any countries or driven with international trade or investment. This could be supported with the information technology. 

In this discussion posts I am going to talk about the two-globalization theories where the world system has the theory of the system as well as the world polity. This world-system theory has each unit which had individual countries. But this was divided by the other three of categories and the first one is core, second one is semi-peripheral as well as third one is peripheral countries. 

On the other hand, this system has the economic independent and strong core of the countries. By the way the semi-peripheral countries also has served by the buffer among the core as well as the peripheral regions. But this core can have the process of the supply raw materials which are weakest in the peripheral region that is quite in the stable economic. 

In my second point of the view, the world polity theory needs to try the unify of the world one entity. The world benefit can collect the work to empowered as well as the global table can also buy the valuable each of the recognition in the unify world. This can also imply in the world polity system which has a member of the states to participate and make the shared targets and needs to execute the activities for the benefit of the symbiotic.  

In my third point of the view, if we make a difference between the two theories of the globalization I am agree with the system of the polity of the world. The reason is we can believe that the fairest system needs to be treating in the member of the states. Because the sides of the globalization needs to be implemented as well as we can plan to cooperative equally with it.

On the contrary, I am also disagree and the reason is for the world system of the theory which comes from the Africa and I also trust that if we can make promises that each exploitative needs the system of the capitalism as well as the globalization and it can make the advantages in the countries appearing in the core. At the same time, the remaining weak states need the resources of the rich peripheral. 

References,

The Globalisation Website, 2013, Globalisation theories. Retrieved from http://sociology.emory.edu/faculty/globalization/theories01.html

Brown, S. (n.d.). Globalization Theories [Video]. Khan Academy. Retrieved from https://www.khanacademy.org/test-prep/mcat/society-and culture/demographics/v/globalization-theories
