For this Learning Journal, you will choose a case study from the four available in the following resource:

 Auguston, A., Friedman, T., Mehling, K. C., Pier, D., Wolfe, T., & Zerzan, R. (2014). The Global Citizen Student Reader: Globalization. United Nations Association. View PDF.

The cases are as follows:

1)      Mexican Government Advises Migrants (page 9)

2)      Liberian Plantation Workers Allege Poor Conditions (page 10)

3)      Charities Hijacked by Terrorism? (page 11)

4)      Call Center Jobs, Once Offshored to India, Now Offshored from India (page 12)

After you choose and carefully read through the case study, answer the following questions:

How did globalization change some people’s lives? How did the changes lead to a conflict?
What was the proposed solution(s) to the conflict? How satisfactory was the solution to each party?
Can you imagine a way to avoid or resolve similar conflicts in the future, even if rapid globalization continues?
Over the years, in what ways has your region become more globalized? 
How can you see the results of this today? If you cannot see the results of this today, why?
The journal entry should be about a page in length.  If applicable, be sure to cite any resources you use to support your learning journal. 



ANSWER:

In the beginning, globalization can be offered where we can share our culture, money as well as the products among the countries. It could be a trade of international, or investment as well as it can support the I.T. I am going to talk about the globalization where it was based in the case study some Liberian workers was poor Plantation situations. Only globalization was able to make a change in those people who were living via risen of the job opportunities and it was evidenced that these opportunities can able to create the firestone in the tire company that was located in Liberia. There were six thousand people nearly was employed and it helped to make ease of the high unemployment ration in Liberia. 

Moreover, the land needs the fuels to make conflicted which was not taken care enough to manage. This conflict was emerging for many issues for example, cultural differences matter harsh treatment to any local environment and exploitation in any local environment.  

For instance, some workers in Liberia can lodge to complain over weak and poor working situation as well as child labor. This reason was gone to the court where it verdict the favored in the fire-stone companies.  Poor local people who were victims was not able to hire lawyers for their financial circumstances and they was no one who would help them seek justice thus they compromised. The worked presented that the case of the number has been risen including the hiring the under-18years old child and causing disposal wastes in the water. The company claimed that this all issues were baseless and hide the real truth from the court. The also gave false statement that they were well providing education and healthcare packages to their employees and keep child day care for their children. The court also ruled in favor for them and the same conflicts was again causing in the future. We can realize that, the only required to put well place in for the labor laws and false statement should be prohibit and make more improvement in child labor law to stop under-18 years children are going to work rather than going for the study. The company should give the worker safety and health insurance services. 

Moreover, the companies should also carry out to make green environment and reduce waste throwing uncarefully. Government should also make introduce pay to not make pollute in the environment and make a policy to discourage the companies.

Some years ago in Africa region which country was located in Asia. They register mushrooming for the foreign companies. There was also adoption was growing for the foreign culture. This outcome was for globalization. 

It needs to be provided many opportunities as well as making challenges between within cheap and budget prices and taxes in the products and any kind of services so that the risen of the difference of opinion among local and foreign traders would happen for the competition to make secure in the trade positions. It can work in the situations also.




References

Auguston, A., Friedman, T., Mehling, K. C., Pier, D., Wolfe, T., & Zerzan, R. (2014). The Global Citizen Student Reader: Globalization. United Nations Association. Retrieved from https://my.uopeople.edu/pluginfile.php/1021076/mod_assign/intro/U1%20Student%20Reader2.Globalization_OPT.pdf


Brown, S. (n.d.). Globalization theories [Video]. Khan Academy. Retrieved from https://www.khanacademy.org/test-prep/mcat/society-and-culture/demographics/v/globalization-theories