Applying what you have learned.... When politicians make claims that we need to spend a large amount of money to achieve a goal, the claim is often made without legitimate evidence to support a claim that a given program will have a particular result.  Let's say that a politician wants to implement a nation-wide education program.  The politician gave four examples of schools that used the program: scores at the schools increased 0.5, 1, 2, and 2.5 points respectively (the nation-wide average of the scores is 70).  The politician gave no additional evidence about the effectiveness of the program.

Your task: What questions or comments would you have pertaining to the statistical claim made by the politician? You might inquire about the sample, the sampling methods, the full population, the sampling distribution of the mean, and whatever would be useful to more accurately or precisely describe the effectiveness of the program.  At the end of your post, state whether you would conclude that the program will increase scores nation-wide.

Note that it is a separate question of whether it is "worth it" to effect change by taking money from people in the form of taxes to pay for a program.  Other than (optionally) saying that you think the statistics can or can not answer such a question, the "worth it" question is not part of this discussion.



ANSWER: 

  In the beginning,  This argument is about the sample size of the resolution which means if we imagine that, statistically the politician was introducing a piece of evidence that has a logical reason for the outcome of the size that was not a sample. Now, I am going to demonstrate this reason which is given below,

Firstly, In Canada, there is 206,000 female students were in a middle-level school as well as 4,288 high schools in the other 20 states of Canada. 

Secondly, the students had selected French, Literature, Italian and English languages to study as a primary subject as well as other elective subjects also. 

Thirdly, The Canadian politicians make a student diagram and schedule to launch them after school as a program that has six required subjects to develop their grades and performance in the class to make a good score in the exam with an average of 70 scores as well. 

Fourthly, Canadian politicians and leaders make an urge to complete this program statewide. The reason was the sample of those five schools was standardized with brilliant points. 



  Here in the First statement, I want to prove that this was a sample size distribution. Because of the sample size if we want to describe that this sample size was most necessary to take a decision of the sample data which was included with the overall population. Statistically, if anyone makes a good plan very cautiously that plan would be better than another plan. If we try to observe that, a unit of the selected part would be an accurate population and i\the research could be in unordered form. As a result, the research says that the sample size must need to be sufficient size and relative to the motive. In this case, a sample needs enough statistical impact to point out the population. If we gather incorrect sample data of the size to take advantage it could show us the risks of the errors in the sample data distribution. In my opinion, the sample size was too inconsiderable to imagine enough statistical of the entire population. There was also a large number of sample sizes that could be a direction of the appropriate estimation of the ratio which was shown in the population data. Now we can know that the law had a wide population and a middle limation of the theorem. In a words, the sample data of the size as prescribed by the quality of the turning out of the total calculation. 



In my second statement, I want to illustrate that I want to inquire the Canadian politician by which way they could able to determine the sample size as well as whether they could able to generate the outcome statistically for the sample size which was exactly reported on the population data. 



In my third statement, I want to demonstrate the latest sampling of this prospect. If the spectacle of the program could make progress of the middle-level school students score the reason will be the sample size. I would like to suggests that not to make any assumptions for the nominal data. Here the sample size could be much richer than 95 percent of the interval which may be the mean as well as the standard deviation. I might also accede that if the Canadian politicians demand that they need a secure budget suppose, The 400 sampling schools was emerged on from all the Canadian states with the experiment of 4,284 all statewide the middle-level school would have become very useful after the school project. But statistically, the project could be made more improvement if the middle and high-level school students have good learning efficiency of other six required subjects. 

