Learning Journal Unit 6
Exercise Self-Talk in Peer Assessment: Building Self-Awareness

When?

To be done immediately following the peer scoring. Use the peer assessment that is due this week (from assignment done in week 5). You can also use any other peer assessment-related instance. Just inform your instructor if any other variation is needed.

Why do this exercise?

To raise self-awareness and learn better peer assessment-related skills (leadership skills).

How?

Note the thoughts you had while scoring the work of your peers. Pay special attention to any judgments and expressions carrying emotions. Not remembering what are judgments? Refer to your research on NVC as well as the manual on NVC provided in week 3. Note as many thoughts as you can. Do not worry about grammar. Pay attention to the content, not the form.

If your self-talk at this point is: I was focused exclusively on the task at hand and had no feelings or thoughts worth recording that were unrelated to scoring, please read the article on self-talk provided in the Reading Assignment, and return to this text afterward. Most likely you might be in self-denial, as we all do have comments and we all can improve. Contact your prof. if in doubt. Refer to your Learning Journal for the specific guidelines on how to do this exercise.

Refer to the most recent peer assessment, as described above.

Make sure you comment on how you felt, and what you thought.
Judgments about the writer included the following statements
Judgments about myself included the following statements
*Note: Judgments are different from observations. Judgments show our way of looking at something that is overly critical and not necessarily true. Observations are linked with true facts. Saying: “You were mad” is a judgment. Saying: “You pounded your fist on the desk for about 10 seconds” is an observation. Saying: “You are so smart” is a judgment. Saying: “The way you handled your friend showed compassion by…” is an observation.

Generic judgments including the following statements:
Any repeated thoughts or questions
I need to reflect on
Specifically
Based on the above, I need to work on changing the following beliefs that might not be true (or are worth to be challenged)
Anything needing more attention?
One belief that I want to challenge at this time
My plan on how to challenge my beliefs that might hinder my present peer scoring skills is:
Who will I contact to converse about these findings to help me learn?
Other comments in the process of self-talk (required)
What I learned this week (required).

The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources. 




ANSWER:

At the start of the week, I had to review 3 classmates' peer-written assessments. I started out studying the responsibility of my ﬁrst colleague, whose proﬁle become a leader with an ENFJ personality. My assessment becomes tremendous overall. I deserved to achieve at least 80/90.

My colleague's task changed into as entire and clean as his task translated into that wonderful eﬀort with the aid of using which he sought to hyperlink his thoughts and supply private records in his personal manner. I favored his fashion very a lot and my ﬁnal remark changed into on my colleague's duty (The scholar furnished correct task in his personal phrases and fashion, which describes his character as a pacesetter in a clean manner with the ideas of his organization. I continually desire him success.)

In general, my evaluation of the opposite colleagues isn't very diﬀerent, even though my judgments aren't precisely identical however are very comparable or comparable. If I desired to speak approximately myself greater withinside the assessment of my colleague. I do now no longer assume I exaggerated to present him the entire grade due to the fact I notion he deserved it already. I additionally constantly see in the ones around me that they're deserving people.

For he who has carried out the task, and attempt it, is a splendid man. My feedback withinside the obligations of my classmates or in my task and private lifestyles are very comparable and that they are ﬁlled with the fantastic and the incentive that makes the character receiving the grievance a position to reveal his creativity at task withinside the coming instances. Because I see encouragement and thank you for the true task makes his task withinside the subsequent instances task better, and the identical concept I frequently used to exercise with the ones around me.

I am continually inspired via way of means of the thoughts of these round me and their opinions, regardless of how everyday and simple. I can not be a terrible character withinside the proper of any character, whether or not his task is terrible or now no longer. And frequently while the task isn't first-rate to me or does now no longer have the desired, pleasant components frequently try and be silent withinside the expression of my opinion in order now no longer to be a detrimental character. 

I care plenty approximately growing something that makes the task, precious, even supposing it does now no longer have value. Because while we study the easy element of the task as a terrific task and bring the values we can provide the corporation a sturdy motivation to peer the remarkable factor in his task from our factor of view and as a result the man or woman will try to task extra earlier than to attain the genuine grandeur that changed into formerly most effective an concept Simple and motivational view we're made via way of means of our judgment on task.I will now no longer forget about the negatives in my persona with a purpose to come from my colleagues` factor of view via way of means of giving matters extra precious than fact and people. I am regularly someone who's duped via way of means of people's intentions due to the fact I near my eyes absolutely  elements that I do now no longer want to see of their persona.

But my view on that is the identical due to the fact if we see each action, all people and each tremendous assertion can be tremendous. I am a tremendous individual with tremendous phrases and a tremendous job.




