
Consider a time when you or a family member/friend were sick (could be a minor sickness like the flu, or something more serious). Discuss how various biopsychosocial factors may have contributed to the illness. Discuss the behaviors involved and how you feel those behaviors contributed to the illness. Reference the textbook in your discussion post. 


End your discussion post with one well thought out question related to health psychology from which your colleagues can formulate a response or generate further discussion. 

Your Discussion should be at least 250 words in length, but not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references for the textbook and any other sources used.


ANSWER:

The version of biopsychosocial evolved through Engel (1977) examines the biological, psychological, and social elements that have an effect on an person to become aware of the causes, methods, and timing of failure(Ogden, n.d).

A three months ago, my cousin had a belly ulcer, which made her experience a number of discomfort. According to her doctor, the organic element that triggered her contamination is H. It became a bacterial contamination referred to as Helicobacter pylori. This especially triggered a stinging ache in her abdomen, ensuing in a bloated belly that triggered discomfort.

In spite of the fact that, bacterial infections had been the primary cause, she skilled numerous disturbing conditions that triggered her contamination. She misplaced her simplest son in a deadly accident, which made her very sad. However, while she become young, she misplaced her mother and father and left an simplest infant in her family. This mental component contributed to her contamination with the aid of using inflicting her extreme depression. The social component that triggered her contamination is the lack of her mother and father. She believed that she might were higher off together along with her mother and father and might now no longer have skilled what she become experiencing.

One and only of the behaviors concerned is dietary loss. She stopped having her meal all times, what she was. Her frame is weak, and this contributed to her illness. She additionally commenced her consuming and smoking, which she did now no longer do before. We all think that this would give away to her sickness.

Question-
To wrap up, what do you bear in mind a time that each one you wished is help and also you refuse to well known it?

Reference,

Ogden, J. (2019). The psychology of health and illness: An open access course. The psychology of health and illness.pdf