Learning Journal Unit 1
After reading The Six Dimensions of Wellness Model, rate your own wellness for each dimension on a scale of 1-10 (with 1 being the lowest possible level of wellness and 10 being highest possible level of wellness). Analyze your highest and lowest rated dimensions of wellness and consider possible reasons why they are at that level. Write about what you learned from this activity as well as how this relates to what you have learned this week.

The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources. 

Hettler, B. (1976). The Six Dimensions of Wellness Model. National Wellness Institute, Inc. https://cdn.ymaws.com/members.nationalwellness.org/resource/resmgr/pdfs/sixdimensionsfactsheet.pdf or download the pdf.


SOLUTION:


The Six Dimensions of Wellness Model

The six dimensions of happiness have been evolved through the doctor. Bill Hettler, the co-founding father of the National Wellness Institute (NWI), has evolved and consists of the subsequent aspects: 

Professional or Occupational, Physical, Social, Intellectual, Mental or Spiritual and Emotional. (Hettler, n.d.). After information every aspect, my happiness is evaluated as follows:


1. Occupational - 9
2. Physical - 6
3. Social - 7
4. Intellectual - 8
5. Spiritual - 10
6. Emotional - 8

Just as visible above, my evaluation of every size on the dimensions of 1 to 10 is that my lowest happiness is bodily and my maximum happiness is spiritual. Analyzing the scale of my maximum and lowest rankings of happiness, my conclusions are:

Spiritual:

"The non-secular measurement acknowledges the hunt for that means and reason in human life." As a matter of fact, I had come to the end that my spiritual health is of top necessity. That is why my religion is of extreme significance to me as I stay each day. We agree with withinside the life of God who desires us to have an excellent lifestyle. The non-secular measurement shapes my lifestyle by permitting me to comprehend the people, opportunities, errors, and meditations around me. (Hetter, n.d.).

Physical:

“Optimal fitness is completed through a mixture of properly exercising and ingesting habits.” (Hetter, n.d). I attempt to devour as wholesome as feasible without the usage of materials which include tobacco, pills, and alcohol. What I lack maximum of the time is bodily exercising, and I need to begin exercise frequently to preserve my frame form and fitness. After getting to know the six aspects, I found out how they may be linked and implemented to our day-by-day lives and activities. The significance of exercise frequently, accepting and now no longer denying my feelings, sharing my items with others, and hard my coronary heart to benefit extra expertise I learned. My lowest measurement may be higher with consistency and seriousness. The outcomes are proper, however in case you don't comply with them, slips can arise and the extent can drop.


OCCUPATIONAL:

For now, I am going to score this measurement as 9/10. I did not recognize what form of paintings I changed into doing. The overall performance at paintings changed into awesome and the income changed into in reality high, however, I did not sense happiness. After locating out that the task is proper for me, I constantly sense assured and energetic. Income remains volatile, however, I sense peace. I can make contributions to my paintings for the network and nonetheless sense happy.

SOCIAL:


I marked this site as 7/10. I normally spend weekends assisting teenage projects. I am neither an ideal individual nor a terrific individual, however, I understand my strengths and may assist enhance their skills. 

EMOTIONAL:

At the moment, this measurement has 8/10 points. I emphasized. It's seeking to beat me, however one way or the other I nevertheless experience very positive. I understand the hassle and I understand what I can do approximately it. Overall, this week's data is great. Here, now I think I could able to take a deep examination myself. There are such a lot of angles to investigate, now no longer all are awful or good. Health issues can come from numerous factors. The values ​​appear positive, however, I understand they will extrude if I do not retain to act healthy. The lowest dimensions may be progressed through working towards and supported through the proper people. I can call my hassle, so it desires prevention and is now easy.


Reference,

Ogden, J. (2019). The psychology of health and illness: An open access course. The psychology of health and illness.

Hettler, B. (1976). The Six Dimensions of Wellness Model. National Wellness Institute, Inc. https://cdn.ymaws.com/members.nationalwellness.org/resource/resmgr/pdfs/sixdimensionsfactsheet.pdf or download the pdf.
