Your posts should cover the questions below in full, and be at least 300 words long. Then reply to and peer-review at least three other posts by next Wednesday 11:59PM UoPeople Time, and rate the posts and replies.

Go to the following link links below. Choose one hotspot that is near the place where you currently live or have lived.

Some links to help you:

Map: Biodiversity Hotspots

Hotspots: Conservation International

The Biodiversity Hotspots

The IUCN List of Threatened Species

Study the information about that biodiversity hotspot that you have chosen.

Then answer the following questions:

Which biodiversity hotspot did you choose to write about? (Give the name)

Where is it located? (Give the world, region and country)

What are two important species (give common and scientific names) that live there? Why are they important?

What is one endangered species (give common and scientific name) that lives there? Why is it endangered?

List three other interesting facts that you have learned about this place.

List one thing you feel could be done to help save it.
Any materials cited should be referenced using the style guidelines established by the American Psychological Association (APA).


ANSWER:

1.  Which biodiversity hotspot did you choose to write about? (Give the name)

ANSWER: The biodiversity hotspot I chose to write about is the Guinean Forests of West Africa2.  

Where is it located? (Give the world, region and country)

ANSWER: The Guinean Forests of West Africa spans several countries in West Africa, including Liberia, Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, Togo, Benin and Nigeria. These countries maintain remaining fragments of the forests. It also includes all of the lowland forests of the regions, stretching from Guinea and Sierra Leone eastward to the Sanaga River in Cameroon. The hotspot also includes four islands in the Gulf of Guinea: Bioko and Annobon, which are both part of Equatorial Guinea, and São Tomé and Príncipe (CEPF, n.d)

3.  What are two important species (give common and scientific names) that live there? Why are they important?

ANSWER: According to CEPF (n.d), there are 936 species of plants and animals found in this hotspot. Two important species that live here are the striking Diana monkey (Cercopithecus diana) and the olive colobus (Procolobus verus). The Diana monkey is important because it "is thought to be an important indicator of forest health because of its dependence on high-canopy forests" (CEPF, n.d)

4.  What is one endangered species (give common and scientific name) that lives there? Why is it endangered?

ANSWER: One endangered species that live in the Guinean Forests of West Africa is the Jentink’s duiker (Cephalophus jentinki). It is endangered because its population has been on a steady decline. In 1999 the population was estimated to be about 3500, however there have been suggestions that the population is no more than 2000. (Jentink's duiker, n.d)

5.  List three other interesting facts that you have learned about this place.

ANSWER: 

Some other interesting facts I've learned about the Guinean Forests of West Africa are:

The hotspot's forests contribute to mediating climate change at a global scale (CEPF, n.d)

Human activities like agriculture, mining, logging and so on constitute a major threat to biodiversity in the hotspot.

The region is not immune to the effects of climate change. In fact, the region has gotten progressively warmer in the last three decades as a result. (Ecosystem profile, 2015).

6.  List one thing you feel could be done to help save it.

ANSWER:

I think Deforestation has been a major cause of threat to several species living in the Guinean Forests of West Africa. I feel reducing the rate of Deforestation or finding alternatives is a good step. Also, there should be joint efforts between the countries in the region to ensure that continuous afforestation is practiced by the Timber industries.

Any materials cited should be referenced using the style guidelines established by the American Psychological Association (APA).



References,

CEPF (n.d). Guinean Forests of West Africa. Retrieved 21 April 2021, from https://www.cepf.net/our-work/biodiversity-hotspots/guinean-forests-west-africa

Ecosystem Profile Guinean Forests of West Africa Biodiversity Hotspot (2015). Retrieved 21 April 2021, from https://www.cepf.net/sites/default/files/en_guinean_forests_ecosystem_profile.pdf

Jentink's duiker (Cephalophus jentinki) (n.d). Retrieved 21 April 2021, from http://www.ultimateungulate.com/Artiodactyla/Cephalophus_jentinkiFull.html
