Learning Journal Unit 2
Go to the EPA website and learn about “Reduce, Reuse, Recycle”

Are any of these options and/or types of programs available in YOUR local community/village/town? Which ones? Explain.

What about in your home? Explain.

If none are used in your local town or home, which could be? Explain.

Please outline in your own words, one new thing you learned this week in the course. How does it apply to your life?

Tell me, the professor, how this course is going for you so far? How do you find the material?


ANSWER:


1.   Are any of these options and/or types of programs available in YOUR local community/village/town? Which ones? Explain.

Answer:   In my community, one of the things hat is implemented is the awareness of waste container for the reduction of malaria; which is greatly helping in the reduction process of sickness.  This is because nowadays, community dwellers are taking care of areas by maintaining clean environment. This  is greatly helping them from  mosquito bite.

2.   What about in your home? Explain.

Answer: In my home, I am using the ‘Reduce’ or reduction method. I am reducing malaria by closingmy doors and windows at midnight. In addition, I also spray my home after every one week in order to reduce too much of a mosquito. Furthermore, I avoid my household from sickness  by paying US$10.00  monthly for waste collection team to collect my dirt.

3. If none are used in your local town or home, which could be? Explain.

Answer: In my community, the reuse and recycle are not implemented. In my mind, one of the reasons why ‘Reuse and Recycle’ is/are not implemented in my community is/are due to the lack of technologies, and financial hardship for the project(s) to be implemented by organizations and NGOs, including government. 

4.   Please outline in your own words, one new thing you learned this week in the course. How does it apply to your life?

Answer:  To be very much realistic, the new thing I learned from this week has to do with the benefits of Recycling. In my life from today’s and forward; I deeply feel getting in the process ofrecycling will greatly aid others, an individual and the nation in the following ways, but are not limited to:·        

Reduces the amount of waste sent to landfills and incinerators·        

Conserves natural resources such as timber, water and minerals·        

Increases economic security by tapping a domestic source of materials·        

Prevents pollution by reducing the need to collect new raw materials Saves energy

Benefits of Recycling -United States Environmental Protection Agency(https://www.epa.gov/recycle/recycling-basics) Retrieved 8th February 2021

5. Tell me, the professor, how this course is going for you so far? How do you find the material?

Answer:  I am taking this course very interesting, and it is wonderful for me to do at my master'slevel due to the greatness of those materials given as notes and in that; I have been having it on mind when attending as undergraduate student at the University of Liberia. Furthermore, the interaction provided by my professor is very encouraging and making me feel better in doing my task in time. Lastly, I certainly will do my best to obtain a Master's degree in Environmental Science because my interest in the field has grown 90%


References

CEPFN.   (2020).  Mediterranean   Basin.   Retrieved   from  https://www.cepf.net/our-work/biodiversity-hotspots/mediterranean-basin