Read the following: 

Ndung'u, N. (2017).  Regulatory environment and technological innovation in Africa: Any tension? (Chapter 3). Foresight Africa 2017 Report. Brookings Institute.  https://www.brookings.edu/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/global_20170109_foresight_africa_chapter-3.pdf

After reading through the report, address the following questions:

Why does the M-Pesa work so well in Kenya? Do you think that such a system could work in your country? Please state your reasons.
As mobile phones, Internet access, and tech hubs differ greatly throughout the African continent, how can these key pieces of technology be made not only more accessible to patrons, but more affordable?
How can Konza Technology City make a positive impact in Kenya? Are there any pitfalls in this tech city, in your opinion?
How can regulating technology improve society? 
Discussion Guidelines

Share your thoughts and ideas on this week’s discussion forum prompts in a couple of paragraphs.
Respond to at least 3 peers. Your post to each peer must be relevant to the week’s topic and should be more than a simple statement of agreement.
Be kind, respectful, and resourceful on this forum. Speak with kindness, give your fellow classmates respect, and be resourceful to them by provided additional information about your topic, to ensure the conversation is ongoing.
Please return throughout the week to continue to participate and respond to anyone who has responded to you.
Be sure to cite any resources that you use in APA format.  Direct quotes should not be used in discussions.


ANSWER:


In the beginning, I am going to talk about the benefits of the features of M-PESA and the reason is for the digital financial service which can be risen more business opportunities as well as it could prevent the money laundering. There were many factors in any rural areas which can also save them from the stress of having come for the urban centers and it can perform any kind money transaction. 

Kenya is a developing country for the fintech company and this assists to solve the major problem which has a well-known hinders to make transactions along with money between the rural or urban centers. In this case, I would prefer to say that country like Kenya had a good option for the fintech company such as M-PESA to develop. 


I trust that if we want to prosper in a country like Africa we can experience hitches to make transact money among the rural or urban centers. IT can also boost the utilize of the mobile phones in my country and in my opinion I think this would be another help which is effective to run fintech company like M-PESA.


Furthermore, I trust that the components of tech is another necessary like mobile phones, internet access and any tech devices. This could be more affordable if the government invests more time within there reduce of the dominance for the individual private sectors. It currently can make a charge in the most cases of the technological inventions in African. BUt if the government wants to involve the exorbitant fees can be reduced in the masses which can be taken into consideration. 


The city where the KOnza Technology has a bigger positive impact in Kenya. It can also lead to many other investors, which has same business opportunities that would be come into Kenya and build establish tech companies. These opportunities would help to build up more business space inKneya and make a drop of the unemployment ratio. 

Last but not least, the technology can be regulating using the benefits and make improvement in the society and it can also make the tech products more affordable for many people around the world and helps to cut down money laundering and make protect of the data security. 

REFERENCES,

Ndung'u, N. (2017).  Regulatory environment and technological innovation in Africa: Any tension? (Chapter 3). Foresight Africa 2017 Report. Brookings Institute. Retrieved on 29th September, 2021 from https://www.brookings.edu/wpcontent/uploads/2017/01/global_20170109_foresight_africa_chapter-3.pdf



