Learning Journal Unit 6
Protecting Culture

In this week’s readings, you learned about how culture is preserved—such as through language and value systems. Now, it is your turn to reveal how your culture is being kept alive in your country. How do you rightfully preserve your cultural identity, through food, traditions, language, values, or perhaps in some other aspect?

Furthermore, take a moment to reflect and express how cultural traditions have changed in your region, due to globalization. You can compare yourself to your parents’ or even grandparents’ generation.

The journal entry should be about a page in length.  If applicable, be sure to cite any resources you use to support your learning journal. 

ANSWER:




Basically, from this week's reading, we learnt about culture and the various ways it's preserved. Speakingof how culture is kept here. Nigeria is a multicultural country With diver's ethnicities, but the major dominant groups are the Igbos in the east, the Yorubas in the west and the Hausa- Fulani in the north, there are also many other minority groups like the Tiv, Urhobo, and the Eric. (Wikipedia, n;d) etc. The country has been able to preserve it's various cultures through diver's means like Language, art, Traditions, food and values.

I am more familiar with the cultures mainly here in the eastern part of Nigeria, the Igbos preserve their culture through many ways like the use of there language for communication, it's very easy to distinguishan igbo man from other ethnicities because of their language, also through art, which is normally displayed in festivals like the new yam festival which is done ones every year, during this festival the men put on there red cap, a need round the neck and also in there arm's with there wrapper tied to there waist and a walking stick, while the woman tie two wrappers around their waist and a top with several beads with different colors on their neck and big beads round their waist and smaller ones in their legs.(Falae, V, 2018). 


Also I think the igbo traditional marriage ceremony is one of the major ways the culture is displayed, the marriage is completely cultural ranging from the dressing for both men and women to the musical display which are really beautiful. The Igbos are very welcoming in nature; they treat and respect visitors with kind gestures.

Generally Nigeria as a country preserve its cultural heritage by sponsoring and organizing cultural events which promotes and celebrate it's diver's cultural heritage, like the national cultural festival which features almost all the cultural heritage from each ethnic group in the country ranging from cultural dance, creative arts (sculpture, drawing, weaving, tie and die,) anso the creation of the national arts and culture museum for tourism.

I think comparing our present generation with that of my parents and grandparents, there is a very big difference, the culture most especially that of the Igbos is really depreciating.This present generation is not really paying attention to cultural norms and values, most people now prefer the white wedding to the traditional wedding, the major means of communication now is english only few people now speaks the native language, people no longer travel for the new yam festival, because they prefer partying and clubbing.

References,

Wikipedia (n.d)> List of ethnic groups in Nigeria. Retrieved from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ethnic_groups_in_Nigeria Adeosun. H.O(2019) - South African Journal of African Languages, - Taylor & Francis Falae, V. (2018). Ethnic groups in Nigeria and their mode of dressing Retrieved from https://www.legit.ng/1200779-ethnic-groups-nigeria-mode-dressing.html
