Learning Journal Unit 4
Globalization and Technology

Given the readings, discussion, and your writing this week, consider the following:

Do you agree that technology and globalization increase the chance of inequality? If yes, state your reasons why. If no, also state your reasons why.
Take a minute to think about how technology and globalization have impacted your region. Write some reflections and share them.
The journal entry should be about a page in length.  If applicable, be sure to cite any resources you use to support your learning journal. 

ANSWER:


In my opinion I believe they are from the main factors that increase the inequality. Globalization has a great impact on increasing inequality as if a country can now import cheaper steel from abroad, the domestic supply will contract and there will be a decline in jobs and real income in that sector. It can lead to higher systemic unemployment rates and a decrease in real standards of living. Real wages are put under downward pressure and inequality will rise. Besides, it leads to higher profits for multinational companies such as Apple, Google and Facebook, which translate into lucrative senior executive payouts and rising shareholder dividends. A third direction in which globalization can generate greater inequality is by rising competition and returning to higher-skilled employment and reducing people's expected earnings in relatively low-skilled and low-skill jobs. Technology also contributes in the increasing of the inequality especially high and middle income countries are affected because most blue-collar workers that paid off well have been replaced as labor-saving technology. Those employees had to move to employment in retail and home healthcare, where the pay is normally lower. We should also giveeveryone a share of the benefits of increased productivity as technology replaces human work. Hernæs, C. (2017, March 29) However, the emerging technologies are leading to misplacing a lot of jobs which will lead to inequality as many jobs would be replaced only few jobs will survive. Thus, gaps between people would increase, yes technology is more efficient and faster than humans but that’s doesn’t mean to ignore humans’ role and effort.


Globalization had a great impact on Egypt for example the medications which were available only in limited countries, are now available in others too. Most vaccines and antibiotics used worldwide to prevent the spread of certain diseases and fatal infections are developed in specificcountries and now can be used globally because of the globalization. Not only this but also manyEuropean trade agreements have been made like Mercosur agreement. (Globalization in Egypt. (n.d.). Retrieved July 14, 2020) we can’t skip the booming of economic growth; in the foreign community, because of the free trade. Egypt continued to market natural resources, such as natural gas oils, and minerals. As for technology it helps Egypt to develop as Egyptians now can produce more goods at lower cost and export them abroad; one of the biggest brands we have is“OKHTEIN’, and other goods. Moreover, due to the power of technology and globalization we had the chance to have international services like ‘Uber’ which facilitates the transportation for thousands of people.  All the companies and banks are secured thanks to the automation systems.  A great improvement occurred in the educational level due to the smart boards and tablets so the student are learning much better and for me I think this is the most important thing technology did because studying is the key to any success.




References:

Hernæs, C. (2017, March 29). Is technology contributing to increased inequality? Retrieved July 14, 2020,from https://techcrunch.com/2017/03/29/is-technology-contributing-to-increased-inequality/

Globalization in Egypt. (n.d.). Retrieved July 14, 2020, from http://kageyamaegypt.weebly.com/blog/globalization-in-egypt


