Reflection Topic: College Success
 Write about what college success means to you. How will you define success, and what strategies will you use to achieve success? Be sure to be specific.
Do you have any concerns or worries about how you will manage your course assignments or expectations? Your journal entry will only be seen by you and your instructor, so feel free to share any questions and worries you have.



ANSWER:   College Success
     Learning in online is very popular topic nowadays. When it is online college definitely there are many reasons to choose start learning in a virtual environment. In my opinion, college success means to me a great virtual environment to became self-confident by learning and completing assessments by myself. By doing self learning in any virtual learning environment it helps me to success and build my soft skills for example, organization, motivation, and a sense of confidence. There were many strategies would help me achieve success by learning in an online college. One of the best strategy is reading the syllabus. As syllabus plays a very important role in any course or curriculum. It helps me to imagine the road map of my course learning process. Suppose, by reading the syllabus I can know the course I need to finish on time, assignments instruction reviews, discussion topics, self quizzes etc. Another common strategy is planning a weekly study times, which is most important for self-directed learning path. By learning and studying in an online college helps to participate in forums and have challenges to complete assignments on time, which helps me to build my time-management skills.  Because planning any schedule works or tasks and attending in regular study time helps me focus in my regular discipline goals. Schedule works or tasks and attending in regular study time helps me focus in my regular discipline goals.




Question 2 : APA Exercise
Every week in your learning journal for Online Education Strategies, you will practice APA format. This week, you are going to learn how to cite an e-book. These are available in the UoPeople library. After reviewing the library video in this week’s Learning Activities, go to the library and find an e-book on a topic you’re interested in. Then, complete the following exercise:

What is the title of the book?
Who is the author (or who are the authors)?
What year was the book published?
What is the URL of the book?
Using the information from #1-4, write the APA reference for the book you found. The reference goes at the end of your work, after all of your writing is finished.
Now, let’s write the in-text citation, to use at the end of a sentence you are writing. In-text citations are always (Author, Year). Using the information from #5, write the APA in-text citation for the book you found.



ANSWER: The title of the ebook is A K-6 Computational Thinking Curriculum Framework: Implications for Teacher Knowledge. The author name is Charoula Angeli, Joke Voogt, Andrew Fluck, Mary Webb, Margaret Cox, Joyce Malyn-Smith and Jason Zagami. The book was publishpublished in July 2016. The URL of the book is https://www.jstor.org/stable/jeductechsoci.19.3.47?Search=yes&resultItemClick=true&searchText=computer&searchText=science&searchUri=%2Fopen%2Fsearch%2F%3Ftheme%3Dopen%26amp%3BQuery%3Dcomputer%2Bscience&ab_segments=0%2Fbasic_search%2Fcontrol&seq=4#metadata_info_tab_contents. 

In the Definition of Computer Thinking, Author Papert has described the full concept of computational thinking in learning purpose which could be traced back to the work of Seymour Papert(Papert, 2006).
Because of, Promoting Computational Thinking in K-12 has been rekindled interested in the article of (Wing's)(2006).
  
National Academy of Sciences workshops said that, "other efforts aiming to developing a definition for Computational thinking including among others."(2010)
