Reflect on the concept of lines and quadratic functions. What concepts (only the names) did you need to accommodate the concept of lines and quadratic functions in your mind? What are the simplest line and quadratic function you can imagine? In your day to day, is there any occurring fact that can be interpreted as lines and quadratic functions? What strategy are you using to get the graph of lines and quadratic functions?

The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. 


ANSWER:

  In the beginning, I am going to discuss the concepts for the degrees of the polynomial. If I imagine that, there is a line for the degree of the polynomial which was equal to 1 as well as also has the quadratic function which is also greater than 1 same as the degree of the polynomial. 

One Line: The polynomial degree with = 1
The Quadratic functions: The polynomial degree with > 1


In my second point of the view, the simplest line form would be,

y = m(x) + c
Or, y = mx + c


On the other hand, the quadratic function would be, 

y = x(a2 + b) + c
Or, y = ax2+ bx + c


In my third point of the view, firstly, day to day in the line, if a bus fare has been included with both fixed fare costs as well as also has the variables with the costs for each kilometer, needs to be covered.  As a result, the line of the function would be the total fare for the y = m(x) + c, where the c will be the fixed fare costs and the 'm 'will be the variable for the fare costs for each kilometer. Here, x would be the total amount of the distance costs for the kilometer.

Secondarily, day to day if I illustrate the example for the quadratic function in a way of the sports event, for example, pike, football, etc. here of the ball needs to follow a parabola trajectory which will be controlled by the quadratic function. 

In my fourth point of the view, because of the graph, a line needs two-points for the help of the drawing of each line. As a result, the vertex of the quadratic function, for example, x-intercept or y-intercept are always required and this expresses the necessity. Besides this, if I pitch any tennis ball on the wind, I could get the model for the quadratic function which has a height with a function of some time.







Explanation, If I could able to imagine the most simple functions and quadratic function that will be,

f(x) = x2
The concepts of the names that have the wants for the accommodate concepts for the lines and quadratic functions in my mind are given below, 
The vertex and Parabola
The axis of the symmetry
The domain and the range
The minimum and the maximum of the value
The x-intercepts or the y-intercepts



