The Learning Journal is a place where you can reflect on your learning throughout the course. There will also be assigned tasks to complete in your Learning Journal, for example, compiling vocabulary lists of unfamiliar words in required readings, summarizing articles, and engaging in self-reflection on assignments.


The Learning Journal comprises 10% of your Final Grade. You will be assessed on the consistency with which you update the journal, the quality of your self-reflection, and whether you complete assigned tasks. For this reason, it is necessary that you date each entry and use clear titles and sub-headings. Note that only you and your instructor will have access to the Learning Journal.

ANSWER:

In the beginning, I want to discuss what I had been learned this week from this course. This week my assignment submission was from 25 February to 3 March and the topic was More Generic Programming. At first, I had to study the learning guide of my textbook, and the chapter was about unit four. I had finished working on discussion posts at first that I had submitted on Monday, 1 March 2021, at 4:06 PM. After that, I had reviews three of my peer's discussion posts and rated their posts. Next, I had to complete the programming written assignment on  Monday, 1 March 2021, at 4:16 PM and there was a workshop, where I need to provide a solution for Lab 9: “Sets in the Java Collection Framework.”. Now I am waiting for my peer's review and I also need to review three of my peer's work. Next, I had to complete the self-quiz and submitted ten multiple-choice solutions which were on Sunday, 28 February 2021, at 4:39 PM where I got 9.50/10.00 marks. When I was starting to complete the written assignment, I need to study the coding unit four-page and lab nine units five files and folders. 


 This week, it was very for me to complete the discussion posts, and some peers had given my post a good review. I did not face any problems understanding anything. As I had studied before and then I had been started working on my assignments. As a self-learner completing an assignment is also a challenging task for me, on the other hand, now I am able to understand the learning system and following my own study plan. By making my own task completing the plan and researching about the chapter which I might face any difficult topics is a very important soft skill for every computer science student. 




 References, 

 Verhoeff, N. (2012). Self-Reflection. In Mobile Screens: The Visual Regime of Navigation (pp. 51-72). Amsterdam: Amsterdam University Press. doi:10.2307/j.ctt46mtwb.