
Please respond to the following question with a post of at least 200 words. 






What do we know about Roman society based on the layout and function of the various kinds of dwellings used by the Ancient Romans in the cities and countryside?






Also remember to respond to the posts of at least 3 of your peers. Be sure to follow all the guidelines stipulated on the assignment page in your post and your responses.



ANSWER:


Having a greater understanding and appreciation for Roman architecture and houses requires more than just appreciating the different terms used to describe the parts of the structure, as it is avital part of the of daily life dynamics of the Roman world. (Becker, n.d.)

We can tell that those who were rich didn't live in city centers, but rather lived further out where they could have villas. Businessmen and politicians would then travel into the city daily to do their activities. This can be seen through the developed roads and infrastructure leading from citycenter towards these villas. Even the women would travel into the city to bath houses or man-made gardens to spend the day. We can also tell that those who did live in the city often lived in extremely cramped spaces, and under not very sanitary conditions. They often lived besides trading areas, where the large political buildings weren’t present.


We can tell from the villas that are built in the countryside’s that bacchanalia is a key aspect of Roman life for the wealthy. Many areas of villas are built to be spacious to host large numbers ofpeople, and there were even special areas for drunken guests to vomit in. (Becker, n.d.)


Roman society and layout of dwellings in the cities were where the well off Roman residents resided in what was known as a domus. They were single-story houses which were worked around a patio known as a chamber. Chambers had rooms opening up off of them and they had no rooftops. A rich Roman house had numerous rooms including kitchen, shower, feasting, rooms and spaces for slaves. In Roman engineering, a tablinum was a room commonly arranged on one side of the chamber and inverse to the passageway; it opened in the back on to the peristyle, with either a huge window or just an antechamber or blind. 


The following were included in a basic Roman house layout:

Vestibulum: A big entrance hall to the house. 

Atrium: An open guest reception room. 

Tablinum: This was a Living room or office space

Triclinium: The dining room. 

Cubiculum: Bedroom Culina: Kitchen

Country homes of the Ancient Romans: Poor citizens, freemen and slaves lived in small country houses or small shacks while the wealthy lived in large expensive houses called villas. The villas had multiple rooms, much more comfortable than city homes, they had servants (usually slaves) baths, pool, fitness rooms, courtyard, storage rooms, and garden. They also had plumbing and heated floor which was considered luxury and modern comfort. It must be identified that architectural designs were developed and modified over time, adapting to customs, functions and changing needs although the chronology of the domus. Romans architecture responded to lots of influences that spread through the Mediterranean, including being influenced by the Greeks and Etruscan’s architectural designs. Whatever their source of influence, one comes away from an expose of Roman homes with an understanding that were Roman homes were purpose-built and meaningful to the people who inhabited them. In spite ofIn conclusion, the discrepancies in the quality of homes between the rich and the poor, it doesn’t detract from the depth of meaning that people attached to where they lived. The loftier ambitions of people who were compelled by financial constraints to build poor quality houses are a testimony to the value placed on homeliness, which is a good example to emulate.



References,

Morey, W. C. (1901). Outlines of Roman history. Forum Romanum. http://www.forumromanum.org/history/index.html

