Learning Journal Unit 8
Learning Journal Instructions

Why do it?

Maintaining a journal serves several purposes:

1. A means of communication, conversation (e.g., between material and yourself, yourself and instructors).

2. Provides regular feedback between you and the instructors and helps to match expectations.

3. Platform for synthesis of knowledge and ideas

4. Help develop critical thinking

5. Helps to elicit topics of interest, challenging topics that need improvement, etc.

What to write?

First write a brief summary of the contents of a lecture, lab activity, group discussion or reading material. Then reflect upon these activities. Record your own thoughts, ideas, responses and reactions to any of the above activities. Make notes about concepts, questions you have, and any confusion that may arise. Use the journal to explore possible solutions to problems being raised in class or alternative activities to the ones presented in class. Record new insights and problem solving strategies realized during discussions with fellow students and instructors. The journal reflects your own thoughts and ideas. Be as original and critical (constructive) as you can. 

Some additional ideas:

Describe any feedback you received or any specific interactions you had.

Discuss how they were helpful Describe your feelings and attitudes What surprised me or caused me to wonder?

What happened that felt particularly challenging? Why was it challenging to me?

What skills and knowledge do I recognize that I am gaining?

What am I realizing about myself as a learner?

In what ways am I able to apply the ideas and concepts gained to my own experience?

What not to do:

Do not copy and paste any material from the discussion forum, your own assignment, or any other source.  The entries in the journal must be your own words. 

When do I use the journal?

You are expected to use the journal for each week of the course.

How will it be graded?

Each weekly journal must be at least 300 words long.  Please use proper grammar and keep your writing on the class topic.  Deductions from a full credit on this assignment would be taken if you copy and paste content.  As long as you write down your own reflection about the learning activities, deductions will not be taken.  You will receive a single grade for each week and the grades will count toward your final grade in the course.



ANSWER:

In the beginning, this week was the last week for our course because next week is our final exam. Our instructor gave an announcement to fill the course survey evaluation. I had to complete the course evaluation at first and start working on this week assessment. At first I had just reviewed the learning guide of units 8 and checkout the course materials. Next I start working on discussion post and submitted my work in the forum. This week discussion post was quiet easy to discuss as it was about the responsive web design definition and some benefits of the mobile responsive web design. I had to explain the means of the responsive web design as well as discuss also some advantage in our daily life. Now I am waiting for the feedback from my peers and I will also review my peers work very soon. On the other had, I visit in my last week programming assessment where I had submitted and assessed my three peers assessment and review their work. 



In my second point of the view, this week was very busy week for me where I had also take preparation of the final proctored exam also. This course helps me a lot to learn new things which already helps me to improve my knowledge and critical thinking method. This week topic about the introduction of the mobile web was a another challenging for me because which I had learned in my past I had again to talk about this topic. Responsive web design is very important for the user to navigate easily in any sites. 



In my third point of the view, being a self-learner I had realized that to solve your problem by yourself is the most important learning strategy. This helps us to improve our soft skills and we can gain more knowledge that we can use in our real life experiences. 









