Learning Journal Unit 8
In Chapter 16, Substance Abuse Disorders are discussed. Substance Abuse Disorders are prevalent in society.  Among the medical community, addiction is considered a chronic disease, but this concept seems difficult for some to understand or believe.  What is it about addiction, do you believe, that keeps it a taboo subject?  Depending on your socio-cultural background, you may have been brought up with certain beliefs about addicts and addiction.  Reflect on the dominant beliefs of your society. Do these beliefs stigmatize addicts?  How do the dominant beliefs in your society either help or hinder addicts from receiving treatment?   If you have some experience with someone that you know, consider what you've witnessed and offer your thoughts. 

The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources.


ANSWER:


Substance Abuse:

This week's subject matter is dependancy, that's defined as now no longer being capable of cease the usage of a substance or undertaking a conduct although it is dangerous to one's intellectual and bodily health. When a person develops a dependancy, they use a substance or take part in compulsive conduct so as to probably hold despite the terrible effects (Spielman, et al., 2020). When, compared to different continual disorders, dependency is medically treatable, and tries to keep away from it are successful.


Although this circumstance exists, a few human beings do now no longer consider it. Addiction is an essential perception in my tradition due to its long-time period unfavourable effect on users, in addition to the more than one caution society gives to all of us trying to have interaction in addictive materials or activities. The maximum, not unusual places for forms of dependency or smoking, heavy drugs, etc.

Drug misuse has been proven to be not unusual place in 20%–40% of college students and 20.9% of juveniles in Nigeria. Heroin, cocaine, cannabis, amphetamines, tramadol, diazepam, cough syrup, and codeine are a number of the maximum normally abused drugs. Abusers get their narcotics from pharmacies, patent remedy shops, open drug markets, drug hawkers, fellow human beings with substance use issues, friends, and drug pushers. Substance use issues are rampant among undergraduate and secondary faculty college students, teenagers, industrial bus drivers, farmers, and intercourse workers (Abubakar, et al.. 2021).

Nigeria is a massively varied country, domestic to almost four hundred ethnic agencies and a huge variety of non-secular faiths. Drug use is taken into consideration in a broader context in Nigeria due to the country`s multicultural heritage. Using a few materials that don't sell overt behavioral changes, for example, isn't always taken into consideration drug abuse in maximum societies. Despite the cosmopolitan nature of the Nigerian populace, the public, police, preachers, fitness professionals, schools, regulatory organizations, and dad and mom have all expressed alarm over the country's increasing drug misuse burden.

Addicts are having a tougher time establishing up and in search of assist from society or near buddies and family. As a result, many could as a substitute continue to be silent, and go through via their troubles instead of face societal pressure, which could save you them from receiving expert assist. In Nigeria, I had a chum who died due to heroin dependency a while ago. It turned into hard to cope with him due to the fact he turned into addicted and refused to offer up. We attempted the entirety we should to assist him forestall the use of narcotics; however it turned into too late.

This look at has substantially more suitable my information and satisfied me that dependency, like some other persistent disease, may be dealt with inside the identical way. It's loads less difficult for me now to unfold the phrase and convince others that dependancy is treatable.


References,


Abubakar,  I.  J.,  Abubakar,  S.,  Kabiru,  A.  G.,  Zayyanu,  S.,  Garba,  M.,  Abubakar,  I.,Abubakar,  S.W., and Mohammed,  M.  (2021).  The   Burden of Drug  Abuse   in   Nigeria:   AScoping   Review   of  Epidemiological   Studies   and   Drug   Laws.   Public   Health   Reviews.https://doi.org/10.3389/phrs.2021.1603960


Spielman, R., Dumper, K., Jenkins, W., Lacombe, A., Lovett, M. & Perlmutter, M. (2017).Psychology.  OpenStax   College,   Rice   University.https://openstax.org/details/books/psychology


