Choose one chronic illness (heart disease, diabetes, arthritis, asthma, cancer, kidney disease, lupus, Alzheimer disease, etc.) and discuss the ways in which psychology is involved at various stages such as at the initial onset of symptoms, diagnosis, and ongoing management of symptoms and treatments. You can do research online or talk to someone you know who has the chronic illness you chose to cover.

Share at least one behavioral change a family member or friend can make to help someone who has the selected chronic illness.

Your Discussion should be at least 250 words in length, but not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references for the textbook and any other sources used.


ANSWER:

The persistent contamination that I actually have selected is diabetes. There are mental problems that co-arise with diabetes, together with feeling worried, anxious, terrible consuming behavior, and diabetes distress. For instance, someone who's been recognized with diabetes may be limited in consuming their preferred foods, and this can have an effect on them psychologically due to the modified thoughts-set. During the analysis method, a character would possibly sense tired, have immoderate thirst, hunger, and urination, weight loss, pores and skin wounds that heal poorly, and blurred imagination and prescient if the glucose levels are very excessive (Rebecca, 2017). When going via signs and treatments, someone may also position themselves beneath each vitamin control, exercise as it lowers the blood glucose stage, tracking glucose stage, and remedy wherein the affected person is given a few tablets to manipulate the blood sugar stage and psychology, it is able to have an effect on them.


As a partner, I might make sure that the person with this continuous disorder gets enough sleep. For example, if the person drinks heavily, I might enlighten him regarding the results of drinking, which triggers the blood sugar, making it fall below the endorsed degree, which may also result in automated death. I might additionally make sure that the affected person has adhered to the medicine routine that allows you to stay away from the resistance of these drugs inside the frame machine. Also, I might additionally extrude the whole own circle of relatives food plan that allows you to inspire the ill member of the family if you want to regulate and sense now no longer left out. The affected person needs to adhere to the brand new prescribed food plan in an effort to manage the blood sugar level.


Reference,

Rebecca, A. (2017). More needed to treat diabetes. In the American Psychological Association. Retrieved from https://www.apa.org/monitor/2017/06/cover-diabetes

