Learning Journal Unit 6
For this Learning Journal discuss your experience so far with peer grading. Answer the following questions:

How do you feel about the feedback you have received from your peers?

How do you think your peers feel about the feedback you provided to them?

The Learning Journal should be at least 400 words and not more than 750 words.


ANSWER:

Answer 1:

Honestly, with all due respect, I recognize that dialogue boards should be finished by Wednesday. However, I no longer adore them while human beings have now published through Sunday on the dialogue boards. A lot of different teachers pressure this requirement and mark downgrades after Sundays while college students have now no longer published and it has been took place to me too. I suppose the reasoning is due to the fact that you can't in reality have fine communication inside the dialogue boards if human beings are filing on Tuesday or Wednesday evenings simply earlier than the close of time. It's additionally unfair to different college students who have published earlier. In this context, what I imply is that scholars who publish early offer comments that are engaged and open to dialogue, while scholars who publish past due aren't engaged, offer fine comments, and have no danger of dialogue. While the cause is to offer a social constructivist view, gaining knowledge of and enjoying it frequently falls short of acquiring one's goals (Morrison, 2013).

In the written assignments, the remarks are basic, mundane, and every now and then written in error. If there may be any remarks, it can emerge as being constructive, however, more regularly than now, it isn't of any actual fee. Every now and then I get the sensation that the reviewers additionally experience being like they may be the shadow professor with regards to writing challenge assessments. When one of my peers, writes, “there have been grammar mistakes...", it is of no fee if they may be no longer pointing them out specifically. However, I additionally use Grammarly, and despite the fact that the passive voice is used every now and then, my written assignments are submitted and do not have faulty grammar or spelling errors. Or once I have finished a challenge, I no longer need to list an exhaustive quantity of problems associated with acupuncture. For example, the list might be endless, but I was given a downgrade via the means of a peer for no longer introducing the worry of needles as “possibly the worry of needles (that is plenty) would've helped,” which simply invalidates my whole paper. Bloom's taxonomy of gaining knowledge is absolutely at play (Armstrong, 2010).

I additionally realize we're in multicultural surroundings, however, there seem to be college students who cannot translate the transition or context of what meanings throughout paragraphs or who do not understand the exercise properly sufficient that they need to no longer be grading someone else's work, as Morrison (2013) additionally factors out. Also, if I actually have met all the requirements, why does a little friend's experience force me to ark a man or woman down. For example, I met all the rubric necessities in a WA, and the pupil agreed. I no longer offer complete marks with no explanation. If you have written a paper, whether or not it is exactly accurate, these sorts of movements are pointless and disheartening. Everyone needs to be assumed to be 10 till they're supplied with the remarks that they deserve.


Answer 2:

With regard to offering feedback, I do now no longer realize in the event that they take it. I try and be a very good steward of the technique and offer perception from my enjoy if it's miles relevant, and from what I even have study or understood at some point of the course. Sometimes you may get a very good reaction and keep on the conversation, however frequently you may now no longer. In our assignments, we have to correct I try to provide constructive feedback and point out errors, and I hope it is taken positively because it is done with honesty and integrity.


References,

Armstrong, P. (2010). Bloom’s Taxonomy. Vanderbilt University Center for Teaching. Retrieved May 12, 2020 from https://cft.vanderbilt.edu/guides-sub-pages/blooms-taxonomy/.

Morrison, D. (2013, March 9). Why and when peer grading is effective for open and online learning. Online Learning Insights. https://onlinelearninginsights.wordpress.com/2013/03/09/why-and-when-peer-grading-is-effective-for-open-and-online-learningtti

