Instructions for submission 
For this week’s Written Assignment, you have a chance to practice your critical thinking skills. Read the Case Study Between a Rock and a Hard Place [PDF] and write an analysis. The goal is to demonstrate critical thinking in your analysis; you do not need to be a sustainability or business expert to critically analyze this case study. In your analysis, be sure to include:

A summary of the issue. Briefly, what are the key facts of the case study?
Use of at least one critical thinking strategy or tool to analyze the situation and highlight key facts. Be sure to specifically identify the tool you select and describe its use.
A recommendation to resolve the situation, along with reasons why you recommend this solution.
Written Assignment Requirements
Your written assignment should be submitted in a Word document (or similar program) and should be at least 2-3 pages in length, double-spaced with 1-inch margins, and written in Times New Roman size 12 font.  You should provide a word count at the end of your written assignment. Cite any reference(s) you use in the preparation of your essay using proper APA format. Refer to the UoPeople APA Tutorials in the LRC for help in APA citations.
Written Assignment Peer Assessment
In the unit following the submission of your written assignment, you will peer assess three (3) of your classmates’ assignments according to the instructions found in the Assessment Form. During this peer assessment period, you are expected to provide details in the feedback section of the Assessment Form, indicating why you awarded the grade that you did to your peer. The written assignment grade is comprised of a combination of your submission (90%) and your peer assessments (10%).
Written Assignment Peer Assessment Rubric
For this assignment, your peers will be evaluating your work with the following criteria.
Did the student provide a clear summary of the issue?
Did the student identify at least one critical thinking tool to analyze the case study?
Did the student describe the use of at least one critical thinking tool?
Did the student recommend a resolution?
Did the student explain their reasoning for the resolution?
Did the student’s paper include these formatting elements:
at least 2-3 pages in length
double-spaced
1-inch margins
written in Times New Roman 12 font
include a word count



ANSWER:




 Assignment:

     In the beginning, Here I am going to explain the issue in a summary and the key facts of the case study. Critical thinking is a kind of soft skills that everybody should learn and need to know. In the case study, Nasira was a graduate girl and she had a job but she could save enough money too. In my opinion, she should need to complete her graduate school and then take a decision to join the job. Before taking her is a decision she needs to think about her negative side and effect would happen. She was really a hard-working woman in her company. Nasira also took a challenge which is really good but before that she needs to think critically about the product line, manufacture, and business. She needs to gather for information and then apply them in her work. She needs to research more and take the right decision about it. At first, she needs to learn more from her small mistakes and then make the right steps. She needs to do more analysis and needs to avoid paralysis situation before getting ready for her seniority. She also needs to observe the time management and communication skills and implement those on her work to manage the production. As a result, she needs to think of a proper management system before getting involve this is the manufacturing process.

  In my second point, One of the most important critical thinking strategy I want to highlight that if anybody works with a team and make a good collaboration that is a great critical thinking way and he or she needs to be a more continuous learner. Without gaining any knowledge and not having a curiosity about learning could suffer most in professional life. Here she should read and talk more to people and educate herself enough to this work. For example, she could reading and talk about any kind of subject and matter and ask the experts. She could also listen to lectures online and attend the conference and make a network with professionals. When you talk about your situation with more people it could be easy to make the right decision on time. 

     In my third point, one of the most effective critical thinking tools is YouTube and learning sites. If anyone wants to learn anything from online YouTube is the best and free sites were anybody can gather the information and gain knowledge. By remembering skills, practicing in class, and attending meetings would help to reserved for higher-order thinking skills. She could also use popular tools like Evernote web clipper, Trello, and Stache to manage her whole work and build a search, networking, and retrieving among the clients.

   In my fourth point, I could recommend that she should analyze more to herself. The reason I am recommending her because to analyze more would help her develop her critical thinking skills and explain other a specific decision and make a perfect management setup. She could also follow the purpose and try to understand the way they think because in case if they are willing to change their ideas she could able to provide more information about the product before operating and it will also help her to allow greater understanding. She could also improve her critical thinking by practicing this strategy and take the right decision making for the majority of her work. In words, by team building, talent development, and performance improvement she could again expect the seniority for her position.

  (Word count: 585)

References, 

  Moore.H.(2020).Mini-Case Study: Between a Rock and a Hard Place.