
This week, we will begin the class by creating a short bio of yourself and welcome each other to the class. To do this, just write a short (one paragraph) introduction that includes your name, why you want to be at the University of the People and what you expect from the course. MAKE SURE TO HAVE YOUR PROFILE PHOTO POSTED!  You can include more information if you wish, but the basic information should be covered.

Your professor will also include a paragraph for him/herself. We are doing this so each of us can see what a unique group of individuals we have and how we can all work together for a great semester.



ANSWER:

Hello to my all peers and instructor. This is Falguni Islam. This is my last term in  the University of the People and then I will a apply for my graduation because I after this my 60 credit will complete as I am studying here in Associate of Science in Computer Science. Now I am going to share my stories with everyone. When I began out my university career, I desired to learning with students, however quickly found out I wished better education. I have been studying at Nydasa Institute of Science and Technology since January 2017. When I was looking  for a software development jobs, I came across a University of the People which was online learning platform, and I also believe that affordable and online education is the best that can happen, so I had to apply in it. In addition to operating with you, I used to work as a freelance software developer and preserve a running a tech blog website. I am very happy to be with you. I love programming, especially web development. The main reason I'm in a human college is because I'm essentially a motivated person and this college is the best for someone like me. As a more self-determining and self-learner, I take more responsibility than ever before. I am very plenty searching ahead to it. It would be great as I am working as a software developer while studying at an online school, collaborating and gaining new knowledge. I desire my all peers and instructors can assist me. Thank you everyone. I desire this semester could be the best. It is pleasure meeting with you all.

References,
Stanford Online, Adventures in Writing (n.d.).Retrieved January 28, 2022, from https://online.stanford.edu/courses/sohs-y0001-adventures-writing
