Your Learning Journal this week will focus on the APA In-Text Citation and Reference style. After reading the story, ‘Araby’ you will submit a one-paragraph analysis on your response to this story. To support your perspective on this piece you will include one quote from the story and paraphrase a small part of the story. You will include all proper APA In-Text Citations and References.

 Your reference belongs at the very end of your submission. 

Your instructor will use the following rubric to grade your Learning Journal:

Aspect 1: Does the student have a quotation with proper APA In-Text Citation?

Aspect 2: Does the student have a paraphrase with proper APA In-Text Citation?

Aspect 3: Does the student have the proper References?

Aspect 4: How well was the student able to produce original content for his/her paragraph?

ANSWER:

'Araby' through James Joyce: 

Irish creator James Joyce describes in his story "Araby" the emotions of a boy coming near adulthood, complete of confusion, engrossment and passion. Megan's sister is the primary teenage love icon that averted the boy from analyzing and playing, a international of goals and poetry a ways from the monotonous and dull lifestyles that the author inspires thru road explanations and he was able to take off to. The boy lives withinside the residence described. The 'Araby' Bazaar was a vacation spot wherein the boy proves his love and passion, and he was annoyed due to the fact he can not deliver his like to what he promised her and is ridiculed with the aid of using vanity. It became an area wherein my eyes burned with worry and anger.(James Joyce, n.d., p 5)".

The quit of the boy's journey isn't always sincerely explained, however we could make sense the depression what he felt while analyzing the outline of the final scene. I have been status in the front of the shop for an extended time, however I knew that seeking to persuade the vendor to shop for became useless, so I took a large step at the same time as on foot withinside the center of the bazaar and shifting the coins. I took a step forward. When I heard her knock after I heard the communication that the lighting fixtures went out,I seemed up in my pocket and discovered the corridor sinking in overall darkness(James Joyce, n.d).

References:  

James Joyce, ‘Araby’(n.d.).Dubliners.Independently published. Retrieved from,   https://www.plato-philosophy.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/Araby.pdf