Expanding on your Discussion ice-breaker, you are to write one paragraph on the topic: Why do you want to go to college?


A:

Written Assignment 

Unit 1: Why do you want to go to College? 

University of the People

ENGL 1102 English Composition 2

In the starting of this week we would like to begin the path through growing your quick profession and alluring every different to the path. Just write a quick one paragraph by the creation which could consists of your name, the reason we require to visit University of the People, and what you count on from the path. You can upload extra facts as needed, however you want to discuss the fundamental facts. The teacher additionally provides his personal paragraph.

We try this in order that every folks can understand what particular organization of people we are and the way we will all paintings collectively for a remarkable semester. I am reading Associate of Science in Computer Science at University of the People. One of the primary motives for trying to sign up withinside the University of People which abrreviations is UoPeople that is to get a Associate of Science in Computer Science degree. This is a place that I actually have constantly desired to study and be withinside the future. I additionally need to visit University of People due to the fact I am bendy in all courses, meet humans from all training with specific backgrounds, trade enjoy and understanding and higher recognize every subject.

The instructors also are very proficient and skilled in all regions they are speculated to teach. At University of the People, I was able to get entry to many sources online the usage of the university's online by gaining knowledge of library. This makes it smooth to get the knowledge without paying anything. Almost the whole thing at the internet has that price, so that you can not discover one of these gesture outside, so it is only a double plus factor for me. University of the People offers me the publicity I have been looking forward to in, mainly withinside the discipline of field of Computer Science know-how wherein my passion resides.

I need to maximize my expectancies at University of the People via way of means of doing what I am doing and analyzing. Software development  to layout web application in frontend stack and backend stack, software program improvement and User Interface layout are vital roles that I actually have continually dreamed of with passion, now no longer most effective to emerge as professionals in those areas, however additionally to emerge as professionals. I desire that analyzing the route will increase my variety of reasoning and expertise in addition to my writing skills.

References,
Stanford Online, Adventures in Writing (n.d.).Retrieved January 28, 2022, from https://online.stanford.edu/courses/sohs-y0001-adventures-writing