Poverty and Inequality Comparison

Take the current country you are living in and compare it with another country of your choice and compare the following aspects:

Poverty
Income Inequality
Furthermore, explain how globalization has either helped increase or decrease the poverty and inequality in each country.

Discussion Guidelines

Share your thoughts and ideas on this week’s discussion forum prompts in a couple of paragraphs.
Respond to at least 3 peers. Your post to each peer must be relevant to the week’s topic and should be more than a simple statement of agreement.
Be kind, respectful, and resourceful on this forum. Speak with kindness, give your fellow classmates respect, and be resourceful to them by provided additional information about your topic, to ensure the conversation is ongoing.
Please return throughout the week to continue to participate and respond to anyone who has responded to you.
Be sure to cite any resources that you use in APA format.  Direct quotes should not be used in discussions.



ANSWER:


At first, I am going to discuss the similarity between Poverty as well as Inequality.

One and only the precept motives of poverty in Nigeria is the political weakness of the country. The different important reasons are Ethnic lack of confidence or terrorism and financial inequality. By reason of growing suspicions of terrorist attacks in the country, many have moved home and many have moved to work and today they might be eager for a way to ride out. Areas acknowledged for terrorist assaults normally be afflicted by many setbacks of their exchange and economy.

The National Bureau of Statistics which is known as (NBS) announced poverty and inequality in 2019 in Nigeria. This identifies approximately 83 million people living below the poverty line of 137,430 (the US $ 381.75) annually.

In addition, the ratio of entire population growth had put in proportion in economic growth since 2018. This again went in under authority to a sharp rise in the country's poverty percentage, with the unemployment ratio peaking at 23.1 percent.

If we analyze this case in Nigeria with that inside the United States, there aren't any high-degree terrorist assaults on the USA and that could force us into tension like right here in Nigeria. The Census Bureau delivered in September 2019 that the U.S. income inequality reached its most diploma in 50 years and the GINI index (a diploma of income distribution at some point of the population) reached 48,5 inches from 48.2 in 2017 that Increased in 2018. However, in Nigeria, as of 2019, Nigeria's GINI coefficient become 35.1 points.

In my second point of view, by means of globalization had taken care of diminishing poverty as well as inequality in entire countries.

The technological innovations of my country, Nigeria, have completed plenty to lessen poverty. These days that you have were given the correction of access to remote jobs for those who`ve out of place their jobs, you have easy get proper of access to to the information you need to benefit your goals. In addition, globalization has unfold out various opportunities as well as relationships including remote places industrialized nations. This helped enhance the manner right here in Nigeria. For Instance, farmers now have to get proper access to facts on better management options for arable land and can also get keep of crops.


References,
STWR. (2014, June 17). A primer on global economic sharing: Part 2 why nations need to share. Share The Worlds Resources. http://www.sharing.org/why-nations-need-to-share/global-poverty-inequality