Dear Change Agents,

Please read the case study “Corporate and Personal Choices Regarding the Environment of the Future” from the chapter 4 of the Business ethics textbook that you find in the reading assignment.

Based on what you have learned in this unit, answer the following questions:

Should corporations and individual consumers bear joint responsibility for sustaining the environment? Why or why not?
What obligation does each of us have to be aware of our own carbon footprint?
If individual consumers have some obligation to support environmentally friendly technologies, should all consumers bear this responsibility equally? Or just those with the economic means to do so?
How should society decide about matters related to environmental responsibility?

ANSWER:


* Should corporations and individual consumers bear joint responsibility for sustaining the environment? Why or why not?

My answer to this question would be yes because whether its corporations or individuals, we all have a responsibility towards sustainable use of resources so that the future generations of corporations and individuals can enjoy the same benefits as we would at our current times. Corporations should ensure that their products are environment tally friendly after consumers use them and should the impossibility be inevitable, consumers have a responsibility to use those resources in low quantities that there is less pollution. For example, cars are manufactured and they emit greenhouse gases when in use, this type of pollution is inevitable, but individual can opt for public transport. The case study also mentioned that Telsa, is producing environmentally friendly (cars and rockets (Byars & Stanberry, 2019, chp. 4). Anotherexample would be the use of plastic. Taking it upon ourselves would mean that we reduce the use of plastic, reuse, and recycling plastic. I believe this is what would be considered as bearing joint responsibility between corporations and individuals.


* What obligation does each of us have to be aware of our own carbon footprint?

We have each have an obligation to reduce use, reuse items and also recycle. This means that we have to be responsible for our environment by reducing pollution which results in the depletion of the ozone layer. 

* If individual consumers have some obligation to support environmentally friendly technologies, should all consumers bear this responsibility equally? Or just those with the economic means to do so?

I personally think that no one should be forced to be obliged to support environmentally friendly technologies unless their economic status allows them to doso… There are other ways to support environmental wellbeing, such as being responsible for how one uses products around them (plastic, glass, forestry, etc.). Every small change towards environmental wellbeing makes a huge difference, and costly technologies aren’t the first option. 

* How should society decide about matters related to environmental responsibility?

I think societies should all have a common goal related to environmental responsibility, by implementation of laws and regulations that seek to shield the environment from pollutions, degradation, extravagant use in natural resources, extinction of animal species and natural environmental recycling organisms. This is not oblige anyone, but to simply save the environment for our own sake and habitats. Following sustainable Development Goals is one of the guidelines we can use to decide of how we can protect the environments as well as the habitats in it.


References,
Byars, S. M., & Stanberry, K. (2019). Business ethics. OpenStax College and Rice University. Retrieved from:  https://opentextbc.ca/businessethicsopenstax/.