Learning Journal Unit 8
Please read the case study “Unilever “Enhancing Livelihoods” through Project Shakti” from the chapter 4 of the Business ethics textbook that you find in the reading assignment.
Based on what you have learned in this unit, answer the following questions:
Do you believe Unilever sponsors the Shakti program to help women, to boost its own profits, or both? Explain your answer.
If Unilever has mixed motives, does this discredit the company in your eyes? Should it?
How is this program an example of both corporate and personal sustainability?
Could this model program be duplicated elsewhere, in another area and with different products? Why or why not?
Learning Journal Requirements
Submit a written paper that is a minimum of one typewritten page (approximately 500 to 700 words) with an introduction and conclusion. This paper shall demonstrate the use of standard written English with respect to organization, grammar, spelling, composition, sentence structure, punctuation, and construction. The paper should cite sources to support your ideas. Refer to the UoPeople APA Tutorials in the LRC for help with APA citations.




ANSWER:


Introduction:

In 2010, Unilever started a sustainable living plan, the plan included a program to help local women with financial needs. Program Shakti showed great example of corporate sustainability, increasing the company’s revenue and empowering local women to become entrepreneur in orderto earn money and support their families.

1. Do you believe Unilever sponsors the Shakti program to help women, to boost its own profits, or both? Explain your answer.


I do think Unilever sponsors the Shakti program to both help women and boost their profile. I think so because they are inspired to help women in need, women in small villages and town thatare in need of finances for their well keep. The program has taught thousands of women the role of being an entrepreneur and giving them the chance to earn money for themselves and for their families, “With support from a team of rural sales managers, women who had been unable to support themselves are now becoming empowered by learning how a supply chain works, what products Hindustan Lever produces, and how to distribute them” (Byars & Stanberry. 2019). The Shakti program also helped boost its own profits, they hired over 100,000 people to distribute their products which include both the women and their family members. The program “allows Unilever to conduct business in a socially responsible manner, helping women to help themselves while extending the reach of its products” (Byars & Stanberry. 2019).


2. If Unilever has mixed motives, does this discredit the company in your eyes? Should it?

If Unilever has mixed motives, I do not think it will discredit the company in my eyes. The shakti program has been successful in bringing thousands of women and their families out of financial struggle, it has taught these women the role of becoming a sole proprietorship, creating income for people in need. I believe if they had different motives it would not enough to outweigh their good cause done.

3. How is this program an example of both corporate and personal sustainability?


I believe this program shows great example of both corporate and personal sustainability. “Corporate sustainability is a business strategy for long-term growth that works in harmony with people and the planet” (Sphera. 2020). The Shakti program has ensured that women in small villages and towns can become micro-entrepreneur and support themselves and families as well as increasing the company’s profits. “It expands the concept of sustainability to include not only environmental issues but also economic opportunity and financial networking in underdevelopedareas” (Byars & Stanberry. 2019).



4. Could this model program be duplicated elsewhere, in another area and with different products? Why or why not?

I do think this program can be duplicated elsewhere, and with different products. The main reason for the program is to empower women, women from rural areas who are unable to earn anincome and support their families. There are a lot of countries which its people in some remote rural areas who are unable to fend for themselves and families. With the right motives, I believe this type of program can work elsewhere and with a different product regardless of the area or the individuals.

Conclusion:

The Shakti program has successfully enhanced the livelihood of the women in rural areas, with the help of the program, women can now earn money and support their families, increasing the company’s sale. Helping thousands of women feed their families and come out of poverty. “Project Shakti is one of the best and most sustainable ways the company can address women’s social concerns” (Byars & Stanberry. 2019)



References,
Byars, S. M., & Stanberry, K. (2019). Business ethics. OpenStax College and Rice University. Retrieved from:  https://opentextbc.ca/businessethicsopenstax/.

