Learning Journal Unit 7
The Learning Journal is a tool for self-reflection on the learning process. In addition to completing directed tasks, you should use the Learning Journal to document your activities, record problems you may have encountered and to draft answers for Discussion Forums and Assignments. The Learning Journal should be updated regularly (on a weekly basis), as the learning journals will be assessed by your instructor as part of your Final Grade.

Your learning journal entry must be a reflective statement that considers the following questions:

Describe what you did, what you learned, your weekly activities, in what ways are you able to apply the ideas and concepts gained ,  and finally, describe one important thing that you are thinking about in relation to the activity


ANSWER:

Hello Instructor, this week was the seventh week almost one week left to end this course, I hope you had a good day. I had written my entry for this week which is written below. 

Peer Assessment and Task Overview

Like every week I had logged into Moodle to check my this week activities where at first I had to complete my last week peer programming assessment review and graded their work. Then I check the course overview, introduction, reading assessment, discussion tasks and so on. I had also downloaded this week learning materials. 

Reading Assignment 

At first I start my reading assessment where I had to study to understand 1 Indirect Communication of Publisher and Subscriber which I saw in Chapter 5.1 in textbook on the other hand, program security, which I found in the chapters 5.5.4 in my textbooks as well as in the meantime it was sourced for other materials as well.  

Discussion Assignment

To begin with, I had to complete my discussion tasks for this week. While writing my tasks, I had to take help from online learning resources and other from the textbook. I try to talk about my best of my knowledge and I had cited with references in my discussion posts submission. 

Self-Quiz


Next, I had attempted the self-quiz of unit 7 for this week. Where I had prepared myself for the last graded quiz for this course. THis week we do not have any programming assessment. 

Graded Quiz

Finally, I had attempted and completed this week-grade quiz where I had achieved 100/100. Now waiting for my final exam and hope the exam would be easy like grade quiz. 
 
Challenges
 
This week was challenging for me because for the grade quiz I had set a goal to achieve good marks and I had to fulfill my targeted goals. While preparing for my grade quiz I was bit nervous but when I saw my score my all nervous has gone away. 

Gains

This week was a great week for me where I had to gain a lot of new learning things and knowledge by completing discussion posts and Now writing my entry for this week Learning Journal 7. 

Thanks. 

