Learning Journal Unit 6
The Learning Journal is a tool for self-reflection on the learning process. In addition to completing directed tasks, you should use the Learning Journal to document your activities, record problems you may have encountered and to draft answers for Discussion Forums and Assignments. The Learning Journal should be updated regularly (on a weekly basis), as the learning journals will be assessed by your instructor as part of your Final Grade.

Your learning journal entry must be a reflective statement that considers the following questions:

Describe what you did. This does not mean that you copy and paste from what you have posted or the assignments you have prepared. You need to describe what you did and how you did it.
Describe your reactions to what you did
Describe any feedback you received or any specific interactions you had. Discuss how they were helpful
Describe your feelings and attitudes
Describe what you learned
Another set of questions to consider in your learning journal statement include:

What surprised me or caused me to wonder?
What happened that felt particularly challenging? Why was it challenging to me?
What skills and knowledge do I recognize that I am gaining?
What am I realizing about myself as a learner?
In what ways am I able to apply the ideas and concepts gained to my own experience?

Your Learning Journal should be a minimum of 500 words.

Finally, describe one important thing that you are thinking about in relation to the activity.



ANSWER:


   In the beginning, here I am going to talk about what I had been accomplished in this week. This week was the sixth week for me and it was very challenging week because I had given grade quiz in this week. It was unit six, the chapter was about the Machine Language. At first I had to review my last week peers written assessment and give feedback on their work. Next I had immediately moved on to give my grade quiz as early as possible. I had to take a quiz grade preparation last week which helped a lot in this week. The overall topic was about Machine languages, the Hack machine language about Symbolic version, and Binary version as well as Z80 Microprocessor and Interrupts. I had learned to become familiar with the assembly process and about the machine instructions of the Hack computer and how to implement programs with them. Moreover, I had to study and research in online about how to get a taste of low-level programming in machine language and alter to acquainted with the Hack computer platform. 

    In my second point of the view, After studying all the materials and last self quizzes also I had begun to give graded quizzes. The grade quiz I had achieved 100/100 and my reactions was hard work and prepare early for the exam strategy work very well which I got fruitful in my grade quiz. Preparing earlier helps you reduced any student's exam fear. After attempting the grade quiz I start working on my discussion post in the next day. The discussion was about hack the machine language and Z80 8-bit microprocessor. So I had detailed all the answer as discussion question-wise. Next I had to give feedback of my three peer's work and rated their work also. Finally, when I was writing the learning journal I had seen that I had received good reviews from my peers also in the discussion forums. Then I had to complete and submit my programming assessment works in a MS word document format. Here I had talked about the hack computer platform in the machine language. After facing this week all challenges I had learned a lot of new things.

   In my third point of the view,  I was wondering that I could share this strategy that I had to implement in this week grade quiz to my peers also it would be great. I had recognized that taking earlier preparation strategy helps a student most. As a self-learner I must need to prepare myself to face any challenges and this had also helped me gain my real life experience as well.

