Your posts should cover the questions below in full, and be at least 300 words long. Then reply to and peer-review at least three other posts by next Wednesday 11:59PM UoPeople Time, and rate the posts and replies.

This week we are learning about climate change. Open the link to the IPCC report "Climate Change 2014” and read the “Summary for Decision Makers”.

Then, in your own words answer the following questions (do not copy and paste things from the site... use your own words to answer the following questions. It is okay if your English is not perfect, I do not mind, I just prefer to see your own words and thoughts on the topic):

What is this report about?

What climate change vulnerabilities are identified for your region?

Did they surprise you? Why or why not?

Describe (in your own words) three adaptation measures that have been proposed for addressing global climate change in your region.

In your opinion, which one is the most important? Why?

Outline two steps you could take to lower your climate impact. Check the Union of Concerned Scientists for some ideas.
Any materials cited should be referenced using the style guidelines established by the American Psychological Association (APA).

________


IPCC, 2014: Summary for policymakers. In: Climate Change 2014: Impacts,Adaptation, and Vulnerability. Part A: Global and Sectoral Aspects. Contribution of Working Group II to the Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change [Field, C.B., V.R. Barros, D.J. Dokken, K.J. Mach, M.D. Mastrandrea, T.E. Bilir, M. Chatterjee, K.L. Ebi, Y.O. Estrada, R.C. Genova, B. Girma, E.S. Kissel, A.N. Levy, S. MacCracken, P.R. Mastrandrea, and L.L.White (eds.)]. Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, United Kingdom and New York, NY, USA, pp. 1-32




ANSWER:



The report for discussion this week is about analysing and recognising climate and natural changes that may serve as threats to the environment and the various living organisms that exists. It talks about the impacts of climate change on the environment in terms of vulnerability, hazards, and exposure.

The climate change vulnerability identified is that of excessive heat and delayed rainfall. This has led to the clothing culture as we now have to put on cloth material that will not absorb heat. Also, crop production was affected negatively. Certain food crop that were supposed to be in abundance were not because their growth depended largely on rainfall.The delayed/little rainfall we had this year also caused us to have an erratic power supply since we operate on the hydroelectric power generation in my country Nigeria.


I wasn’t that surprised to see this occur because there is little or no education in place to prevent the people from contributing to global warming. Hence, the excessive heat and heat related impacts we had must have been from the various activities that contributed to the climate change.

The following adaptation measures have been proposed from page 21 of the report (for Africa)

1) Technological inventions should be inculcated into farming practices most especially irrigation to enhance effective crop production especially for crops affected by drought.

2) There should be establishments of platforms to support agriculture by carrying out research so as to provide drought resistant crops, and to educate farmers on how to ensure to continuous productivity in times of drought.

3) Sustainable urban development should be put in place to mitigate against the effect of flood, drought and other negative consequences of the climate change. (IPCC, 2014)


The most important is the first one – the involvement of technological intervention into agricultural practices. This will enable crop production on a large scale, hence boosting the income of the farmers.

I can organize educational campaign to let people know about the risk and threat attached to global warning and how to guard against it. Also, I will see to it that policies are made against human activities like deforestation, bush burning and other activities that contributes to climate change.





Reference,

IPCC (2014): Summary for policymakers. In: Climate Change 2014: Impacts, Adaptation, and Vulnerability. Part A: Global and Sectoral Aspects. Contribution of Working Group II to the Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change [Field, C.B., V.R. Barros, D.J. Dokken, K.J. Mach, M.D. Mastrandrea, T.E. Bilir, M. Chatterjee, K.L. Ebi, Y.O. Estrada, R.C. Genova, B.Girma, E.S. Kissel, A.N. Levy, S. MacCracken, P.R. Mastrandrea, and L.L.White (eds.)]. Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, United Kingdom and New York, NY, USA, pp. 1-32

