Learning Journal Unit 6
Go to this website, which is hosted by Skeptical Science. Read up and then answer the following questions. http://skepticalscience.com/argument.php

This link covers many of the myths about climate change.
List two of the myths that you found most interesting.
Outline what each myth is, and what the right answer to that question or item is.

Has your view on climate change evolved since before taking this course? Why or why not?

Choose one the Review Questions from this week’s readings and answer it in full.

Please tell me how the course is going for you so far? Is it hard, “just right”, or easy?



ANSWER:

With the climate crisis becoming a bigger problem as years, it has gotten more attention from thepeople. However there is still a lot of ignorance on the topic. A lot of people still don’t grasp the true scale of it all. There is a variety of misconceptions and personal opinions on the topic that isn’t necessarily accurate. There's a lot of confusion around what climate change actually is.


With all this confusion there are myths about climate change that can get one thinking. The two myths I found rather interesting are “Animals and plants will adapt” and “There is no consensus”. As I look more into each myth I find it rather interesting. “Animals and plants will adapt” is something I have personally heard before. Animals and plants are known to adapt in harsh environments however with climate change this is on a major scale. Scientists say that the certain species that cannot adapt on short time scales global warming will cause them to be extinct. Climate change for humans is occurring too rapidly for species to be able to adapt. “There is no consensus” is the second myth. Although 97% of climate experts agree that global warming is caused by humans it is important for scientists to agree and stop arguing in order for science to achieve consensus. When a theory comes up there are always a lot of tests done in order to make sure that the one that is going to answer the question it is done properly. This is when the back and forth arguing and debating comes in.



My view on climate change has definitely changed since taking this course. I was aware of the concerns we are facing however not on this great scale. It has made me more aware of what is happening around me and how I can help. It is amazing how if you don’t put your energy and thoughts on a topic it can drift away in the back of your head. That is the case of many where we are aware but because our energy is not focused on that topic we do not concentrate on the necessary practices that can help in protecting our environment.


Water is very essential for life on Earth. Our bodies as adults are composed of about 60% water. The water cycle is the process by which water follows and flows as it moves around Earth in different states. It is known as the hydrological cycle, which describes the continuous movement of water on, above and below the surface of the Earth. The water cycle is important to fresh water resources because Water is essential for our oxygen and food supply. Over 97% of it is the water on Earth is seawater, which is too salty to drink or use for irrigation. The most commonly used water sources are rivers and lakes, which contain less than 0.01% of the Earth’s water. This is why it is so important because we need to conserve it so that we can use it for our survival but we are fortunate that it is renewable and it is impossible to destroy although it is scarce in some regions


This course on the greater scale of things is going okay. There is a lot of research and reading involved and giving personal opinions on certain topics and that does make things interesting. It has definitely opened my mind to many topics and how safe or unsafe my community is in terms of pollution and so forth. I am enjoying it so far and looking forward to learning more.





Reference,

Doršner, K. (2020). Essentials of environmental science (2nd edition)Dash, J. Global Warming & Climate Change Myths. http://skepticalscience.com/argument.php