Air pollution has become very costly environmental problem in terms of both human lives and in terms of billions of dollars lost for health-care expenditure and crop damage.

Contact the pollution control authorities in your community for the levels or air pollutants. Identify main air pollutants and the possible causes of air pollution. How does your community compare to others? Discuss your findings.

Consider your own skills and interests. Think of at least two skills or interests that could be applied (if you had the time and resources) to helping improve air quality in your community.

Your answer should be between 700–900 words long and should include introduction and conclusion section.

ANSWER:


Air pollution is a growing problem around the world, with individuals and nations alike pumping enormous volumes of harmful pollutants into the atmosphere every day. These pollutants are not only dangerous to the health and wellbeing of plants, animals, and people, but they are also a major contributor to recent climate shifts observed across the globe.

Air pollution could be defined as any substance that may harm the environment, and the living
beings. Air pollution can be classified as visible and invisible. We can divide air pollution into two
types, primary air pollutants and secondary pollutants. The damage causes by air pollution varies
from place to place, as determined by climate, social factors, and geography. For example, the air
pollution problem in Beijing differs from the air pollution problem in Los Angeles because of
regional factors specific to both places. In Saudi Arabia, the air pollution problem is unique in that
it is caused by the massive automobile industry and efforts to address the problem must also
consider the cultural and location differences in order to fix this problem.





Cutting down on the volume of pollutants produced is a crucial step in managing our negative
effect on the climate. How can this be achieved? One of the first and most important steps is
identifying some of the most common and prevalent pollutants, understanding where they come
from, and recognizing their effects. This knowledge will help you to identify the key ways in
which you can cut down on air pollution and contribute to a global decline in the volume of
pollutants found in the air.




Environmentalists have put forward a strong case for pollution control in the Kingdom and
increased cooperation between the General Presidency of Meteorology and Environmental
Protection and other authorities to raise awareness among the community on the importance of the
environment and meteorology.


Meteorology and Environmental Protection head Abdulazziz Al-Jasir is expected to lead the
presidency in following up on international developments in technology, training and scientific
research, in addition to coming up with a complete system to monitor environmental pollution.
Besides, stricter controls should be placed on factories that produce different pollutants while
simultaneously reviewing fines that should be in line with the extent of damage to the
environment.




How does your community compare to others?


Over the next five years, the Saudi Government will be gradually and consistently enforcing
regulations to control factory emissions in line with its commitments as a signatory to the Kyoto
Protocol.
The Government's plan to diversify the economy and privatize a number of government agencies
will entail spending and investments in projects across the board, especially, in the oil, gas,
petrochemicals, water and power generation, and cement factories, thus, offering good prospects
for manufacturers and suppliers of air pollution control equipment and air quality monitoring
systems.

The experts demanded the establishment of a project and a national awareness campaign on the
importance of environment, since it is only through participation of individuals that environmental
safety can be ensured. They also pointed out that the awareness campaign should be informative
but carried out in a manner where people will enjoy it, rather than using harsh methods which will
not help the cause.

Nizar Khudari, environmental pollution consultant and Assistant Professor of Nano Technology at
King Abdulazziz City for Science and Technology, demanded that a centralized pollution
monitoring system be put in place, which can provide people with pollution indicators or any
change in the atmosphere and educate citizens about pollution levels in their cities, saying that this
will have a positive impact on society’s level of awareness of environmental hygiene.
Urging authorities to impose stricter control over factories that throw up pollutants in the
atmosphere and disgorge effluents daily, he said fines should be based on the extent of damage
such polluting industries were causing, because some violating companies would rather pay a fine
of SR10,000 than install a filter that costs SR100,000.



Discuss your findings.


The weather conditions make it difficult to use any form of transportation other than a cooled
vehicle. Given the hot, arid climate in the region, the problem of air pollution is made worse
because the environment in this region is already fragile due to the weather conditions. When cars
are fewer on the road the emission would be lower resulting cleaner air. In addition, if Saudi
Arabia could prevent Saudi’s from using vehicles irresponsibly, things may have a chance of
improving. In Saudi Arabia, many people surf in their cars on the sand dunes. This implies that
many Saudi’s are driving for fun, and not for necessity. Unfortunately, there is little consequence
for this trend. As you can imagine, the Kingdom has one of the highest rates of fatal car accidents
in the world. There is a serious need for policy changes in order for things to improve in the
Kingdom. Some useful changes would include making the roads safer for women to drive, giving
incentives for car pooling, and having harsher penalties for irresponsible car use.



Consider your own skills and interests. Think of at least two skills or interests that could be
applied (if you had the time and resources) to helping improve air quality in your
community.




Al-Thbaiti said people fall sick when they drink polluted water, which calls for treatment, and
warned people in a scientific and specific way against eating uncovered or polluted food would
help them guard against food poisoning. “I wish we can launch a national project for
environmental awareness that contributes to maintaining environment in all its aspects, and this
project should include educational seminars and conferences for local communities,” he said.
Al-Thubaiti said meteorology is a subject concerned with the climate and the weather in a
scientific way. “The world has witnessed vast advancements in this sector, especially in the field
of monitoring mechanisms and radars. All these advancements should help provide accurate
information that is based on proof and not expectations between members of society and social
networks.”



References,

Lave, Lester B.; Eugene P. Seskin (1973). "An Analysis of the Association Between U.S. Mortality and Air Pollution". Journal of the American Statistical Association 68: 342.