Your posts should cover the questions below in full, and be at least 300 words long. Then reply to and peer-review at least three other posts by next Wednesday 11:59 PM UoPeople Time, and rate the posts and replies.

There are many current projects around the world to support sustainable development and growth in urban areas. The general goal is to create livable cities in which people have open spaces, nature, and areas for congregation and relaxation. The idea is also to have well developed public transport systems that would reduce the need for cars and other transport that contribute to air pollution. Through good education programs, there can be less litter and reduced waste. Finally, the thoughtful use of more eco-friendly products, renewable energy, and materials can make a huge difference in reducing both waste production and energy use. Basically, cities can be built and developed in a way that is healthy for the local environment as well as those living within the city. Curitiba, Brazil, is a city that has become a model of sustainable city growth and quality urban planning. At the following links, you can learn more about the different ways in which Curitiba, and its mayor, have supported sustainable, environmentally friendly, urban growth.

Read and learn about this city at the following links and the textbook, then answer the questions below:

PBS Frontline report on Curitiba

City Profile - Curitiba, Brazil

Encyclopedia Britannica - Curitiba

UNEP article

Some videos to view:

Jaime Lerner: A song of the city Talk Video

Questions to answer:

What is the most significant change or project in the city of Curitiba that you feel has influenced it becoming more livable, clean, or sustainable?

What do you think the future steps in Curitiba should be? For example, what would be a good 'next project' to continue their movement forth in sustainable development and quality urban planning?

Do you feel that any of the planning, projects, policy, education programs, and/or changes they have made would work well in your own city? Which one, and why? Explain.
Any materials cited should be referenced using the style guidelines established by the American Psychological Association (APA).


ANSWER:


ANSWER 1:
If there are the maximal large project or task with inside the metropolitan area of Curitiba which we were thinking had turned-on it.

Curitiba is called Brazil's ecological capital. Several cities across the area placed it to apply as a model for the long-term growth. Curitiba noticed a people increase in the 1940s and Nineteen Fifties, with population growth pass city evolution. Curitiba's governor carried out a grasp plan inside the Sixties to reorganize the metropolis and plan for a destiny boom. The hold close plan targets to decorate the metropolis`s transportation infrastructure, enlarge parkland, and create zoning to alleviate web page visitors' congestion, among distinctive things. I side with that the transformation system and zoning reform transformed Curitiba in the 1950s into the Curitiba we understand today.

Zoning indicate to handle in important on regions which consist of residential, commercial and industrial. Alongside the aid of structural partition and area classification by distance, cities which could quickly assume, plan, and make change in main parts that lead to larger well-established cosmopolitan areas (Britannica, n.d.). The transformational resolve will make public transportation more efficient, significantly reduce visitor congestion, and reduce travel times. More useful public transport accomplishment the environment by giving quick access to all locations as a consequence regulated by people with a common of swap for driving a car.


ANSWER 2: 
In my second point of view, Curitiba isn't always exactly an incredible nirvana. The thing indicated town, such as most others have its traumatic conditions and issues. Overpopulation, poverty, and varied demanding positions are a number of the cities newest technology things. Without regard to, countless wise and innovative planners including designers have designed in a fully charge way  to form a significant addition to the metropolis leading edge town growth in consequence that early 20th century (Britannica, n. d.). There still needs to be progress a lot to complete, together with reducing the cities unemployment ratio. Some other essential aspects is which Curitiba metropolis needs younger, new energetic, along with hardworking leaders to protect its new metropolis achievements concurrent just as however, regulating the metropolitan area community to end secure their long period growth.

ANSWER 3:
In our city, according to Curitiba, has tested among the duplicate plan, including the Bus Rapid Transit System and nus lanes were settled moreover, the BRT, we fondly spoke about it, turn into a game-changer for us. At first, it become met with skepticism, specifically due to the fact the set up of committed lanes had a terrible and brief effect on visitors flow. However, once they had been established, many humans favored it as a fashion of transportation over their automobiles, reducing site visitors and pollution. That, I think the applying strength by the backward of my city's huge achievements.

References,
Doršner, K. (2020). Essentials of environmental science (2nd edition).
