
Learning Journal Unit 8
Reflect on environmental issues you learned about in this course so far. What have been the most important decisive experiences or convincing arguments in shaping your own attitudes?

Given that, respond to this scenario: you are in charge of your own city. List three strategies to make you city more environmentally sustainable. Explain each strategy.



ANSWER:

This course has been beneficial by exploring the environment and the numerous ways peoplecontribute to the deterioration of the ecosystem through a lack of awareness or personal benefit.Reading about events throughout the world has been beneficial. I have been able to educatepeople on how we, as individuals, can help safeguard the earth to make it a better place for futuregenerations, and the consequences of not doing so. The repercussions worldwide, such as globalwarming, climate change, deterioration of water bodies, scarcity of water for human use, andmany others, have had the most dramatic impact on our attitudes.The strategies suggested below could help make my city more ecologically friendly.


Environmentally  sustainable   projects:

Taking  up  environmentally friendly   projects  will   bebeneficial and help make the city more sustainable with the building of parks as part of suchdevelopments. It is also possible to establish what is known as a vertical forest, which wouldcover an area equivalent to three and a half football pitches if planted on the ground. The treeshelp clean the air, and parks provide citizens with a place to relax, take a deep breath, andreconnect with nature. However, they can also be planted on residential tower blocks (Dunn, A,2020). In  addition, the city can upgrade  from polluting  traditional streetlights to LED-basedlighting. These can  connect light poles to create a  web of information sensors to collect airquality data, monitor traffic, and potentially minimize crime risk.



Environmentally-friendly policies:

The   government   at   all   levels   should   enact   laws   to   guarantee   that   city   purchases   are   lessdestructive to the environment. Policies should encourage ecologically friendly products, likerecycled stationery and toilet paper. Also, all products for consumption or use by individuals ororganizations should be recycled. Most people do not think of trash as a significant component ofgreener living. However, if more innovative waste management systems are implemented, thiscan also be an excellent way of making the city more eco-friendly.

Program for recycling: 

People create rubbish wherever they go, and the littered streets of Lagosare not any different. Everything we do is influenced by the environment, from the food boughtby the streets to the water we drink and our clothes—all these results in massive amounts ofwaste generated every day. The ultimate goal is to have a trash-free community, and a recyclingprogram will be ideal for this mission. I will draw inspiration from Curitiba once more becausetheir approach worked so well for them. Different trashcans will be provided, dependent on thewaste they produce because most of the floods are caused by people putting rubbish in gutters. Itwill clean the city and prevent flooding and provide revenue for the city by selling recycledwaste.




References,

Doršner, K. (2020). Essentials of environmental science (2nd edition).