Our discussion questions are: "What is Social Media" and "How is social media influencing web applications and development?" Include in your discussion three of your favorite sites including what it is that you like or dislike about them.  Your sites can be within the realm of social media or from sites that are somehow integrated into social media. 


ANSWER:

      In the beginning, Social Media is a great platform where we can use the websites and application where we can collaboration with  any community, share our own content and make communications. There were many types of social media such as, micro blogging community, many discussions forum social peer networking Wikipedia to know different information etc. This platform help us to stay connected with our friends and family it could be personal or business purpose or know any government latest news update via social communication platform. Social media has a massive impact on the web and mobile applications. Many digital creators and influencers are becoming successful today because they are sharing their knowledgeable content to their viewers and sell their own products. If anyone wants to start sharing their own content into social media they must need to be concern about the images and visual pictures stories to make eye catching viewers attractions.  Facebook, Instagram and Twitter are the great platform to use as a social marketing. Basically I use Facebook to interact with my university friends and families. It also help me to get update about my university by joining the university network groups. I just make some content in the Instagram which is coding related. I used Twitter is for to get programming news and updates. There is also other social networking apps which I used for I had explain them in the below,


WhatsApp: This app is very popular to communicate with my others. So I also use this app in my daily basis. I used to connect with my family members and friends. Sometimes I used communicate with my mentors and teachers also. Here you can do audio and video calls and send any text message or documents which has media types format that is suitable for the mobile devices. You can also share your day via WhatsApp stories. Many people I see posts their days life's images and share via stories. Besides this, if i do online shopping for example, I want to buy a Logitech mouse from Instagram so the buyer use Instagram to book the products and send them delivery address. I needs to communicate them via WhatsApp as a customers service purposes also. 

Imo: This app is also similar like WhatsApp where I stay connected and keep communication with my friends and families and neighbors. The feature is similar but there is also same differences for example, I can shared any imo group news into the imo stories. 

YouTube: I used this platform to watch news, blogs videos, tutorial videos and some entertainment videos. Now a days YouTube is the most popular entertainment platform and it is a second largest search engine in the world. Basically, i use to search my university assignment related topics to get ideas before I start working on my weekly assignments. 



References,
Wigmore, I. (2020, December). Social Media. Retrieved from
https://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/social-media
