Learning Journal Instructions

Why do it?

Maintaining a journal serves several purposes:

1. A means of communication, conversation (e.g., between material and yourself, yourself and instructors).

2. Provides regular feedback between you and the instructors and helps to match expectations.

3. Platform for synthesis of knowledge and ideas

4. Help develop critical thinking

5. Helps to elicit topics of interest, challenging topics that need improvement, etc.

What to write?

First write a brief summary of the contents of a lecture, lab activity, group discussion or reading material. Then reflect upon these activities. Record your own thoughts, ideas, responses and reactions to any of the above activities. Make notes about concepts, questions you have, and any confusion that may arise. Use the journal to explore possible solutions to problems being raised in class or alternative activities to the ones presented in class. Record new insights and problem solving strategies realized during discussions with fellow students and instructors. The journal reflects your own thoughts and ideas. Be as original and critical (constructive) as you can. 

Some additional ideas:

Describe any feedback you received or any specific interactions you had.

Discuss how they were helpful Describe your feelings and attitudes What surprised me or caused me to wonder?

What happened that felt particularly challenging? Why was it challenging to me?

What skills and knowledge do I recognize that I am gaining?

What am I realizing about myself as a learner?

In what ways am I able to apply the ideas and concepts gained to my own experience?

What not to do:

Do not copy and paste any material from the discussion forum, your own assignment, or any other source.  The entries in the journal must be your own words. 

When do I use the journal?

You are expected to use the journal for each week of the course.

How will it be graded?

Each weekly journal must be at least 300 words long.  Please use proper grammar and keep your writing on the class topic.  Deductions from a full credit on this assignment would be taken if you copy and paste content.  As long as you write down your own reflection about the learning activities, deductions will not be taken.  You will receive a single grade for each week and the grades will count toward your final grade in the course.



ANSWERS:



In the beginning, I am going to discuss about my maintenance of my journal which I did in this third week of my proctor web programming course. When we make any communication with our instructors regarding the course learning materials this is a kind of communications skills which we maintain with our instructor. Before starting working in my assignment I read carefully what I my instructor suggested to do. The learning guide is quite helpful because it describe how to work in our latest assignment's homework's. I also receive feedback from my peers and instructor on last weeks assignment and in this week discussion forum assignments as well.  This feedbacks assist me to figure out what is my good sites and what is my bad site which needs to improve immediately. Working in discussion forum assignment and also programming assignment helps me to learn how to maintain a good networking with my university peers. Because when we receive good reviews from our peers it helps me to improve my work and encourage me to work more cleanly. Besides this, in the programming assignment and in the discussion assignment I also get opportunity to review my peers hard work also. I could also learn a lot from reviewing different hard works assignments of my peers. This strategy is a great way to improve my soft skills which I could also implement in my professional life. It a kind of challenge we need to face and sort it out also. 

 

 In my second point of the view, this was third week and I had to face grade quiz also tis week which I am taking preparation to give because this will be added with my final grades also. At the beginning,  I had complete the discussion post which was about to discuss about the definition of the social media platform and its uses. Next I had to complete the self quiz and then grade quiz. Self quiz was for to practice and be prepare for final grade quiz of this week. In the discussion post we also discuss about that influences of the social media platform and my favorite apps which I like and why and which apps I do not like. But In my discussion post I had only discuss about my favorite apps which I uses daily in my life to  make a communicate with my friends and family etc. In my programming assignment I also had to create a HTML document that my instructor suggest us to do. As a computer science background student becoming a good engineer or developer is not so easy but its quite fun to learn more new things everyday. 



