The Learning Journal is a tool for self-reflection on the learning process. The Learning Journal will be assessed by your instructor as part of your Final Grade.

Your learning journal entry must be a reflective statement that considers the following questions:

Describe what you did. This does not mean that you copy and paste from what you have posted or the assignments you have prepared. You need to describe what you did and how you did it.
Describe your reactions to what you did.
Describe any feedback you received or any specific interactions you had. Discuss how they were helpful.
Describe your feelings and attitudes.
Describe what you learned.
Another set of questions to consider in your learning journal statement include:

What surprised me or caused me to wonder?
What happened that felt particularly challenging? Why was it challenging to me?
What skills and knowledge do I recognize that I am gaining?
What am I realizing about myself as a learner?
In what ways am I able to apply the ideas and concepts gained to my own experience?
Finally, describe one important thing that you are thinking about in relation to the activity.

The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources. 



ANSWER:

   In the beginning, This was my term 2 for me and I had Programming Part One course where I need to learn about the Java Programming language. I had set up my Java working environment on my computer and installed it. In my course, my first assignment was about Java Introduction. I had to complete my discussion posts assessments where I had to learn the difference between a syntax error and semantics error in my first day assessments and give my own example. After that, I had to complete a Programming assignment as a beginner I had to learn how to import Java package and write Java code and Check the correct result in my console. This process has helped me to learn the self-reflection-learning system. During my term, I had to complete my learning journal, discussion posts, and programming assessments where I will receive weekly research and peers or instructors' feedback sessions. As my reaction was I could able to my appropriate writing and programming style and help me develop my perspective. I had received some good feedback from my peers already in my group discussion posts that encourage me to write better and informative assessments in my course. This process also helps my peers as when they review my work they also can know some informative programming examples and explanations from my writing. I was feeling very great and my attitude's very exciting because I was able to apply my own concepts and logic in my assessments and I had always tried to apply real-world concepts in my course-work assignments. This also helps me to involved in detailed lecture notes, assigned readings, homework problems, E-labs, or computational tools that could assist me to succeed in my course. I also felt very valuable and important, this course was a computer science student that I could apply in my future professional career. I had also learned various important concepts from these assessments as the course materials were very easy and clear to understand for me. I found my course supplementary materials very detailed which were very helpful for my online class. 

    In my second point, I was surprised and also wondering that my peer in my online class group also automatically do peer-review my contents and research it Learning through reflection is a kind of critical option for beginner students but while doing a lot of practice a student could able to progress. I particularly feel challenging when I was completing my course work. Because I also try to make my work more detailed and demonstrates a good explanation, which needs to be different from others. In my opinion, I was gaining good decision making and critical thinking skills and knowledge. As I am realizing about myself as a self-learner that it was helping me to make sense of learning to research my experience and reflect on my course work. It also improves my learning analysis and writes descriptive things to reflect on.  By writing reflective writing I could able to apply the ideas and concepts gained to my own experience as I found this system fruitful which would be used for meta-analyses and systematic reviews for assessing the research and receiving systematic feedback or reviews. 

    Finally, I was also thinking about in relation to the activity in my course work. This is web-based learning which helps me to minimize my risk and improve to maximize my good results. Also, this is the best method as I could able to participate in my lessons learn problem-solving activity also. This could able me to contribute my own logic to apply in my learning styles.



References,

“Self-Reflection.” Mobile Screens: The Visual Regime of Navigation, by Nanna Verhoeff, Amsterdam University Press, Amsterdam, 2012, pp. 51–72. JSTOR, www.jstor.org/stable/j.ctt46mtwb.7. Accessed 14 Nov. 2020.

Verhoeff, N. (2012). Self-Reflection. In Mobile Screens: The Visual Regime of Navigation (pp. 51-72). Amsterdam: Amsterdam University Press. doi:10.2307/j.ctt46mtwb.7