Learning Journal Unit 2
We learned about a Thesis and an Introduction last week. For your Learning Journal assignment, you will create your own Thesis and Introduction for your own research paper. The introduction should be at least 1 paragraph long and can be as long as 4 paragraphs. Remember, you can use this link to help you: https://writingcenter.uagc.edu/thesis-generator

An outline for the paper is optional, but it will help you craft your ideas later.

Your instructor will use the following rubric to grade your Learning Journal:

Aspect 1: Does the student have a thesis and introduction?

Aspect 2: How strong is the thesis? Is it more appropriate for a 5 paragraph essay instead of a research paper? Are there things the student should expand or draw back?

Aspect 3: Focusing only on the introduction, does the introduction give a proper map to the rest of the paper? Does it discuss the thesis in enough detail? Are there things the student can add in to strengthen the introduction?

Aspect 4: Is this a work of original thought? Has the student used a solid analysis of the topic to bring about his or her thesis?

Aspect 5: How free of spelling and grammar issues is the introduction? Are there repeating errors that can be pointed out?


ANSWER:

Religion ought to now no longer be a part of public faculty curriculum.

Theoretical

It was about last months may 2021 there has been a something occurs happended that took a variety of lives and misplaced belongings in Bangladesh, the authorities public faculty among Christian and Muslims. There turned into a confrontation among the scholars of each religion and their mother and father regarding the faculty get dressed code which the faculty designed that turned into separated from all religions attire, due to the fact Bangladesh is a mundane State. The Muslim college students deserted the faculty get dressed code, and commenced carrying their faith attire to high school which isn't a part of the faculty get dressed code of conduct, the Christian college students aren't glad approximately it, then, combat broke out in faculty and a variety of lives had been misplaced, and houses destroyed. This turned into now no longer the primary time such matters is taking place Bangladesh, both are among Christian and Muslims college students or college students to college students, and it continually consequences misplaced of lives and faculty houses, that`s why I recommend that faith needs to now no longer be a part of public faculty curriculum, due to the fact it's miles a fairly non-public dedication and might reason war with folks who keep opportunity belief.

Some can also additionally argue that faith unites human beings, it brings human beings collectively from extraordinary backgrounds, and there may be no manner you will educate records without coaching faith as it affects records. The reality is that faith does not unite human beings? Religion can unite human beings of the equal non-secular perception now no longer extraordinary faith perception, what divides us is faith, what killed us is faith, instructors can hopefully educate faith in college with out worry of offending someone, they possibly censor their phrases for worry of be hearthplace from his or her paintings or being kill with the aid of using folks who experience offended.

The point that a few humans may also convey that faith needs to be a part of the public college curriculum may also sound proper and valid, however in fact with all of the insanity happening around the arena are we able to in reality comply with that? Each and everybody wants to survive, everyone need peace. People listen and believed their faith instructors extra than they study and reading through themselves, if trainers say something unique from what they discovered from their faith instructors it will become a problem, now no longer that they sense without difficulty offended, however, they pass to harm their trainer for it, for sake of peace and concord in public college faith need to now no longer be a part of the public college curriculum.

In conclusion, faculties address information, and faith address religion and spirituality, they're now no longer close to every different in any respect and that`s some other factor faith has to now no longer be a part of the public college curriculum.

References,

Stanford Online, Adventures in Writing (n.d.).Retrieved January 28, 2022, from https://online.stanford.edu/courses/sohs-y0001-adventures-writing