For this unit’s Written Assignment, you will review the story you chose and answer the following questions in complete sentences, as provided for use by Cumbria University:
 
1. What is the title of the text and what is the text about?

2. What is the author’s view? How do I know?

3. What is the evidence presented by the author to support ideas?

4. Is the evidence valid? How do I know?

5. Is the evidence relevant? How do I know?

6. Have I heard/read anything similar or dissimilar? What was it?

7. Do I agree or disagree with the views expressed by the author? Why?

Remember: If you use a quote or paraphrase, you need to give the proper APA citations and references.


ANSWER:
                            Written Assignment Unit 2

                           University of the People

                     ENGL 1102: ENGLISH COMPOSITION 2

                            Carrie Prettiman (Instructor) 



1. What is the title of the text and what is the text about? 

The name of the lyrics is "Popular Mechanics", a couple who peacefully give up dating and discuss who cares for their baby. The war is intensifying, and pulling the baby in the opposite direction to win this battle causes both humans and females to lose sight of the baby's fragility (Carver, 2014).

2.  What is the author’s view? How do I know? 

This tale depicts normal custody fights among dad and mom, and the writer believes that many dads and moms who face the sort of state of affairs generally tend to awareness completely of who obtains custody in their kid, ignoring issues for his or her toddler's protection and feelings, regardless of the reality that they have to position their toddler first.

3. What is the evidence presented by the author to support ideas? 

The writer's proof is the writer's manner of finishing the child's circumstance and tale at some stage in the battle. The writer used little one information in a state of affairs in which a pair is discussing a new child with inside the kitchen. "The child became purple and crying" (Carver, n.d.). Also, with inside the very last part of the narration, whilst the person felt a sturdy launch of the hand maintaining the child, the girl screamed, grabbed the child's wrist, and regained it, however, the guy made the child sturdy. I pulled it back. After this fierce battle, the writer unexpectedly ended the tale with that information. “In this manner, the hassle has become decided” (Carver, n.d.).

4. Is the evidence valid? How do I know? 

The proof is valid. We understand from the statistics that the couple's circumstance is bodily and emotionally dangerous to the infant. Even though we will realize from the woman's sentence that they've been aware about the reality. “you're hurting the infant,” (Carver, n.d.).It is uncertain with inside the narrative who acquired custody of the little one and what occurred to the infant with inside the end.

5. Is the evidence relevant? How do I know?

The proof is relevant. With the author's factor of view, we are able to recognize how the proof is relevant. The couple's conflict for custody, without regard for the baby's health, led to a sad conclusion. Even if any of them should gain custody after the divorce, the little one could be sad being other than both of his parents.

6. Have I heard/read anything similar or dissimilar? What was it?

Yes, I examine a comparable story in a media article approximately a female who misplaced her anger and used her little one as a gun in the course of a dispute, inflicting the child to maintain many injuries. This additionally demonstrates how common it's far for mother and father to hazard their children's lives.

7. Do I agree or disagree with the views expressed by the author? Why?

I consider the authors declare that residing with dad and mom is great for any child, besides with inside the case of home violence, and that youngsters have to now no longer be disadvantaged of happiness for his or her dad and mom. Even if something occurs among the dad and mom, the youngsters are not accountable, and they have to all be satisfied with the family. Before dad and mom recall custody, they want to recall the emotions and protection in their child.



References,

Carver, R. (n.d.). Popular Mechanics. TESL Times. Retrieved from http://www.tesltimes.com/pmech.htm

Stanford Online, Adventures in Writing (n.d.).Retrieved January 28, 2022, from https://online.stanford.edu/courses/sohs-y0001-adventures-writing