A guide for writing a “reflective journal:”

Who will read the journal?

The contents of your journal will be only visible to the instructor. Unlike discussion forums or blogs, the journal is an area for reflection without a wide audience.

Why do it?

Maintaining a journal serves several purposes:

A means of communication, conversation (e.g., between material and yourself, yourself and instructors).
Provides regular feedback between you and the instructors and helps to match expectations.
Platform for synthesis of knowledge and ideas
Help develop critical thinking
Helps to elicit topics of interest, challenging topics that need improvement, etc.
What to write?

Answer the following question:

Give any two reasons why networks might use Error Correcting Codes instead of Error Detection and Retransmission.

What not to do:

Do not copy and paste any material from the discussion forum, your own assignment, or any other source. The entries in the journal must be your own words.

When do I use the journal?

You are expected to use the journal for each week of the course.

How will it be graded?

Each weekly journal must be at least 150 words long. Please use proper grammar and keep your writing on the class topic. Deductions from a full credit on this assignment would be taken if you copy and paste content. As long as you write down your own reflection about the learning activities, deductions will not be taken. You will receive a single grade for each week and the grades will count toward your final grade in the course.

A: 

   In my beginning, I had a start take a look at my course syllabus so I had to download the textbooks which were in pdf copy. Then I had to check the course forum what is our course announcements. Then I complete discussion posts assessments where my other peers also post their work. I had to review their work and most of my peer had detailed and illustrate the answers. I had also learned many new things about the guided media and unguided media along with bandwidth and maximum data rate. I had also complete the grade quiz of this week. 

  In my second point of the view, I am going to talk about the error detection where the error occurs by causing noise and other impairments while the transmission within the transmitter into the receiver. From the error correction it can also detect the errors and rebuild the original and error-free data. If there are two error correction which could be done by the Backward and forward error correction. 

   Backward Error Correction: 
     Here the receiver can detect any error in the data to receive the requests back to the sender into retransmit into data unit. 


  Forward Error Correction:
    Here if the receiver detects any kind of error, the data can be received to execute the code for the error correction. This can also assist with auto recovering as well as to make a correction in the kinds of errors. 
  

  We can also send the data including error correction and detection in the code to retransmission all the data. It has two seperate methods. 

   Firstly, it can have efficiency in the transmission to use the correction in the code for the entire bandwidth of this channel. It can be utilized by the sending the data in only each direction automatically to increase the transmission in the data efficiency.

   Secondly, the fast transmission can also be taking place into data to take the place while framing to receive including error next to the receiver, which could be regenerated by the correction.  


References

Hamming, R. W. (1950). "Error Detecting and Error Correcting Codes" (PDF). 

Bell SystemTechnical Journal. USA: AT&T. 29 (2): 147–160Tutorialspoint. (n.d). Error Detection and Correction. Retrieved from https://www.tutorialspoint.com/data_communication_computer_network/error_detection_and_correction.html

