Learning Journal Unit 2
For your Learning Journal, answer the following questions:

Briefly describe the general structure and function of the nervous system.

Why is the study of “sleep” important in a psychology course?  What benefit does sleep provide to the nervous system and to the body in general?

Have you experienced sleep disturbances?  If so, please explain the effects to your physical, mental and emotional health. 
The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources.


ANSWER:

Before I proceed, let us have a dictionary definition of the nervous system. According to oxford dictionary, the nervous system is the network of nerve cells and fibers which transmit nerve impulse between parts of the body. The nervous system is also a complex collection of nerve andspecialized cells which help to transmit signals between different parts of the body. And is said tobe an essential body electrical wiring. (Kim,2018).The nervous system has two components: the central nervous system and the peripheral nervous system. The central nervous system comprises the brain, spinal cord and nerves. While sensory neurons, ganglia and nerves connect to each other and also to the central nervous system from the peripheral nervous system. The nervous system has two main sub-divisions in operation and this sub-division is the somatic or voluntary component and the autonomous or involuntary component. The autonomous nervous system regulates certain processes of the body, such as blood pressure and breathing speed, which function without conscious effort. While the somatic system comprises the nerves that connect the brain, and the spinal cord with the muscles, and thesensory receptors in the skin. (Kim,2018).

Regular sleep is important because it has restorative power, and also has evidence that sleep improves memory and improves attention. Sleep is not optional, it is essential for human health, and its deprivation can lead to many health problems, mental problems or even death.  (Jann,2012). We should sleep at least 7 hours a day, and if we don't sleep as we thought, we can feel bad and it's no wonder that discomfort is a cumulative loss of sleep. This can lead to lower concentration,lower memory, and slower reaction times. In adolescents, poor sleep can cause poor motivation, less school performance, and may eventually reduce SAT scores. People who are sleep-deprived and who sleep less than the required hours are reported to have serious accidents, injuries, hostility, conflict with people, alcohol consumption, use of sleeping medications, weight problems, poor decision-making, and significant medical mistakes. Sleep has many advantages both for the body, and the nervous system because during sleep the body releases hormones in the body, several hormones have been released during sleep, all for different purposes, an example of sleep hormones is melatonin, which is released by the pineal gland which controls sleep patterns, and the pituitary gland releases growth hormone which helpsthe body to grow and repair itself. (Queensland health,2018).Another benefit of sleep is that during sleep, one’s sympathetic nervous system, which is in control of fight or response, and gets the chance to relax, because when one is being deprived of sleep, sympathetic nervous system increases its activity which can lead to an increase in blood pressure. Again, during sleep stress hormone decreases after some hours of sleep, and the immune system releases a small protein called cytokines, which helps the body to fight inflammation, infection, and trauma. (Queensland health,2018).


I have experienced sleep disturbances, and it has affected my health; I sneeze every time I wake up, most of the time I don't sleep up to 7 hours, sometimes I go for a week sleeping only 4hrs a day, I realized that my brain doesn't work at its full capacity, it easily angers me, my emotions aren't balanced. I recently visited a doctor for the habit of sneezing every morning, he told me to sleep well so that it does not affect me in the long term. I think that sleep is extremely important, not only that, but enough sleep is important.











REFERENCES, 

Jann, Gumbiner. PhD (2012). Why sleep is important. Retrieved from https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-teenger-mind/201202/why-sleep-is-important%3famp.

Kim Ann, Zimmermann. (2018). Nervous system; facts function & diseases. Retrieved from https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.livescience.com/amp/22665-nervous-system.html.

Queensland health. (2018).  7 amazing things that happen to your body while you sleep. Retrieved from https://www.health.qld.gov.au/news.envents/news/7-amazing-things-that-happen-to-your-body-while-you-sleep.
