It is a known fact that sleep is important in order for us to thrive in our environment. There is research that seeks to understand how sleep affects our day-to-day activities.

Find a research article that describes one of the negative effects of being sleep deprived. Then write a report about this study, their methods, participants, and findings. Describe the study’s limitations as well as any future applications.

In the conclusion of the paper, you should indicate whether these findings have ever affected you, or someone you know, and what steps were taken to remedy the situation.

The Written Assignment should be 3-4 double spaced pages in length, not including title or reference pages. Make sure your assignment is APA format with double-spacing, Times New Roman, 12-point font, and 1” margins. Include citations and a list of references in APA format. Edit for spelling and grammar errors. You can get assistance with APA formatting at: https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/apa_style/apa_formatting_and_style_guide/general_format.html



Here are some tips for reviewing a research paper. Follow these tips when you are reviewing any article in this class:

From the introduction: what is the general topic that the article is addressing? What is the purpose of the research described in this article? What is the author(s) hypothesis/hypotheses?

Briefly describe the methods: who were the participants? What did they have to do in this study? What were the measures that were collected? How was it collected?

In general, what were the results of this study? (Don’t use numbers or describe statistics).

What were the major conclusions of the study? What are the implications of this study, both in terms of future psychological research and understanding social behavior out in the “real world”? Make sure you don’t simply use the limitations described in the study—come up with your own.

In your opinion, what are the strengths and limitations of this research? Could there have been modifications in the way the study was conducted? What kind of “tips” would you have given the researchers with what you know?

Form a conclusion about the value of the study. How does it apply to our world today? Was it valuable and/or informative? How did it enhance the way you view current or historical experiences/events?

ANSWER:


University of the People

PSYC 1504: Introduction to Psychology

Joe Juarez (Instructor)



Introduction:

Insufficient sleep and poor sleep comfort can affect a person's health and ability to spend their time each day, in addition to their health. Therefore, adequate sleep improves cognitive abilities such as memory. If you don't get enough sleep at night, it suggests that someone may be suffering from both physical and cognitive health. Lack of fines can affect overall painting and school performance. Inadequate sleep can also range from acute to chronic. Chronic and excessive cases also include signs and symptoms such as fatigue, hallucinations, complications, and dark circles under the eyes. 


There are many studies on the consequences of sleep deprivation. However, I got used to the research with the help of  Maheshwari and Shaukat (2019). This study aims to find out if sleep deprivation is the root cause of poor overall grades for Bangladeshi students. The author's guess shows how a particular student's GPA score is affected by good and poor sleep.

Method:

Analysis carried out observed that a bigger populace of clinical college students has been extraordinarily inadequately asleep. This showed that the scholars had sleep problems that have been affecting their overall performance. The major findings have been that exact grades have been at once proportional to exact sleep, and absence of sleep precipitated negative overall performance and occasional grades. By getting sufficient sleep, the scholars labored nicely in repeated studies. It is obvious that Bangladeshi clinical college students are disadvantaged of sleUndergraduate medical university college students were the difficulty of the studies with researchers. The study becomes achieved the usage of a cross-sectional and observation method. They used Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) to research sleep quality. Students' suggest grade points (GPA) were used to assess their performance. The information was researched and inquiry with the usage of statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS). 


Using a random huge range sequence, university college students were subjected to sleep to facilitate the study. Students are encouraged to refrain from the usage of alcohol, caffeine products, tobacco, nicotine, or exercise. Thereafter university college students will offer a document in a given form after every 45 minutes withinside the following day. Very obvious and seemingly clean questions were asked withinside the form. A repeat study becomes done24hours later with normal hours of sleep and monitored. The next day university college students gave a document of the identical questions given earlier withinside the form. ep, which impacts their overall performance.


Results:

Analysis carried out observed that a bigger populace of clinical college students has been extraordinarily inadequately asleep. This showed that the scholars had sleep problems that have been affecting their overall performance. The major findings have been that exact grades have been at once proportional to exact sleep, and absence of sleep precipitated negative overall performance and occasional grades. By getting sufficient sleep, the scholars labored nicely in repeated studies. It is obvious that Bangladeshi clinical college students are disadvantaged in sleep, which impacts their overall performance.



Conclusion of the research:

For example, Bangladeshi clinical college students were sleep-deprived. This significantly hindered her overall performance and made her negative grades. I accept this as true with these studies due to the fact I am additionally a sufferer as a student. When I become in excessive school, the paintings on a primary day become terrible. Due to the adrenaline that accompanies the examination, I may want to infrequently sleep the night time earlier than the examination. I become capable of spending a maximum of the nighttime repeatedly. Despite all of the repetitions, I failed due to the fact I couldn`t don't forget the maximum of the things. Even the handiest ones. However, I become assured and was given sufficient sleep, and the relaxation of the paintings went easily and exceeded. I discuss this topic with my course instructor. The instructor helped me make the examination the best. They continually counseled me to get geared up early and get sufficient sleep. So I progressed my grades and in the end, exceeded Abitur. Improving sleep fine will enhance our fine of lifestyles and overall performance.




Reference,

Maheshwari, G., Shaukat, F. (2019). Impact of Poor Sleep Quality on the Academic Performanceof Medical Students.http://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31192062/


