In this week’s readings, you read about global diseases, including: 

COVID-19
HIV/AIDS
Tuberculosis
Malaria
Cholera
As of the year 2017, the UN estimates that the global human population will reach 9.8 billion by 2050 (more on these statistics here: https://www.un.org/development/desa/en/news/population/world-population-prospects-2017.html). After reading what you have this week about global diseases, tell the class what you feel will happen in terms of the emergence and the spread of these global diseases. What can be done to prevent global diseases like these? If the spread of them is inevitable, how can they safely be contained? 

Discussion Guidelines

Share your thoughts and ideas on this week’s discussion forum prompts in a couple of paragraphs.
Respond to at least 3 peers. Your post to each peer must be relevant to the week’s topic and should be more than a simple statement of agreement.
Be kind, respectful, and resourceful on this forum. Speak with kindness, give your fellow classmates respect, and be resourceful to them by provided additional information about your topic, to ensure the conversation is ongoing.
Please return throughout the week to continue to participate and respond to anyone who has responded to you.
Be sure to cite any resources that you use in APA format.  Direct quotes should not be used in discussions. 


Reference

Department of Economic and Social Affairs. (2017, June 21). World population projected to reach 9.8 billion in 2050, and 11.2 billion in 2100. United Nations. https://www.un.org/development/desa/en/news/population/world-population-prospects-2017.html


ANSWER:


In all around the world diseases can be defined as diseases that function in developing as well as in advance countries. Some of the global diseases can be include, Malaria, Cholera TB as far as HIV or AIDS as well as the most recently know global disease is Covid-19.

Subsequently this week's have a look at with cloth mastery and sizeable knowledge with center the twenty-first century international disorderliness noted as Covid19 this is significant across the world. This pandemic maintains to this day, so it may be stated that the disorder ought to unfold from the US to the US with out problems. Globalization affects these diseases in many ways, including.(Globalization-101, n.d.).

I consider that happens in phrases of ailment epidemics, and as human beings flow and have interaction with human beings in specific components of the world, sees an growth in ailment epidemics worldwide. There are also mutations in ailments that could have particular strains, which includes Covid19. If the most ability is reached and exceeded, and crucial gadgets consisting of oxygen and protecting apparel are lacking, it is able to cause the crumble of the countrywide scientific system. There also are tour stops in every us of a to save you the ailment from spreading from us.

According to what might be carried out to save you those worldwide ailments are vaccination, attention raising, and numerous preventative measures relying at the illness. For example, ok public disinfection, easy consuming water, easy wholesome nutrients to save you the outbreak of cholera. (Globalization 101, nd). The TB requires "Political Engagement, Detection, Drug Delivery, and Surveillance Services" (Globalization 101, n.d.).

On the assumption that the unfold is predictable, containment relies upon at the cooperation of the world. Covid19 is likewise a miles higher new enjoy in a few international locations than in others because of the extraordinary guidelines and rules that follow from USA.

The beginning of the element that the entire kingdom wants to do is paint together so that it can be vaccinated. At the same time, it is necessary to provide guidelines and guidelines such as tour rules and wearing masks, as well as vaccine technology. In the case of Covid19, and anyone who violates this regulation should be fine all together with the whole country needs to collectively comply, fill and  skip this ordinance around the world.

Reference,

Globalization101. (n.d.). Health and globalization. The LEVIN Institute. https://my.uopeople.edu/pluginfile.php/1524835/mod_book/chapter/311530/glob101healthandglob.pdf


