Learning Journal Unit 7
Mobile devices, such as tablets, smartphones, and cell phones have taken on new responsibilities in our life, and are used more often in our day-to-day lives.  

Read this short report How Mobile Devices are Transforming Healthcare (https://www.brookings.edu/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/22-mobile-health-west.pdf, and consider the following questions:

In what ways have mobile devices reshaped the healthcare industry?
What finding, from the report, was most significant, in your opinion? Why do you feel this way?
How is technology influencing health care in your region?
What type of technology would greatly assist the healthcare in your neighborhood? 
The journal entry should be about a page in length.  If applicable, be sure to cite any resources you use to support your learning journal. 

West, D. (2012). How Mobile Devices are Transforming Healthcare. Issues in Technology Innovation, 18. Brookings Institute.  Retrieved from:  https://www.brookings.edu/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/22-mobile-health-west.pdf



ANSWER:


ANSWER 1: 
The mobile devices are helping to rebuild the medical industry by saving on medical costs and making it easier and more convenient for patients to administer their medications from home. This is a powerful tool to help remind the patient of a doctor's appointment or to take the drug at a specific time. Mobile health services have proven to be very useful and economical for both doctors and patients. For me, it changed the medical industry by helping to make treatments more effective. Through the software program on those devices, sufferers generally tend to find out ailments in a well timed manner, and remedy video display units the patient`s fitness progress, and sufferers instead of travelling a medical doctor of their practice. By using reports for your benefit Not as economical as using mobile devices  to help send reports to the appropriate medical department.


ANSWER 2:
In my opinion, the maximum essential findings have confirmed to assist make certain that the cellular tool used may be very within your means and that the affected person is assigned with initial agreeable for the benefits of the affected person. It was that. You could make development and screen their health, and you may take them or screen them to ship them to the scientific enterprise and allow them to recognize approximately their development. Arrange for clinical discussions together along with your health practitioner additionally prescribe medicinal drug to sufferers on the alternative hand, for all its financial reasons, one of the most essential is to me.


ANSWER 3:
In my vicinity, era has served a excellent reason of offering sufferers with ok remedy and the possibility to treatment a few ailments that could typically result in death. Therefore, in all cases, era has my scientific side. Currently all Yahweh on our side, we in my area undergo little loss from God and professional clinical specialists who use the clinical gadget that technology efficaciously provides.

ANSWER 4:
In this mobile and technology era had not been positively progressed in my area where I live in, so searching at things, assuming that, cell era is progressed well, it was going to lessen the pressure and fee of docs and assist many sufferers with diverse troubles in addition to I had recognize this moreover, I am genuinely going to assist the fitness care in my area.
 

Reference,

Globalization101. (n.d.). Health and globalization. The LEVIN Institute. https://my.uopeople.edu/pluginfile.php/1524835/mod_book/chapter/311530/glob101healthandglob.pdf