GMO Crops on the African Continent

After reading through the following article:

Deressa, T., Pugliese, J., Kimenyi, M.S. (2014). Genetically Engineered Crops: Key to Climate Adaptation and Food Security in Africa.  Brookings Institute.   Retrieved from: https://www.brookings.edu/blog/africa-in-focus/2014/09/04/genetically-engineered-crops-key-to-climate-adaptation-and-food-security-in-africa/

Choose a side, either for or against GMO in Africa.

FOR

List the reasons why and how GMO would benefit the African continent.
Explain how the possible negative impacts of GMO, could be turned into a positive (if any).
Describe one country in Africa that you think would most benefit from harvesting GMO products.
AGAINST

List the reasons why and how GMO would weaken the African continent.
Explain how the possible positive impacts of GMO, could quickly turn into a negative impact (if any).
Describe one country in Africa that you think would least benefit from harvesting GMO products.
Remember to choose only one position, either for or against. 

Please make sure your assignment is double-spaced using Times New Roman, 12-point font, and 1” margins. Be sure to cite any references in APA Format.

Each paper will be assessed on the following:

All questions are answered
Strong examples, valid points, and ideas on the topic
At least two additional resources cited in APA format
2-3 pages in length
Proper grammar, spelling, and punctuation
Do not include your name on your paper this will help ensure fairness in grading.

ANSWER:


                                              Written assignment

                                             University of the People

                                            POLS 1503 Globalization
                                                        Unit 7


                                           Topic: Health and Globalization

Thereafter studying the factor on GMO Crops on the African Continent, I would possibly pick to transport FOR GMO in Africa.

Question. 1. List the reasons why and how GMO would benefit the African continent.

When the methods GMO might be useful to the Africa continent, those are given below:

a. To help remedy the hassle of starvation and meals insecurity.

b. The useful in presenting process possibilities and a massive capital for farmers.

c. We can give more possibility to advantage assist from a few evolved countries.




1. To help resolve the hassle of starvation and poverty.


As the African population continues to evolve and the demand for human needs increases, living modified organisms (GMOs) should help solve the problems of poverty and hunger. However, while harvesting and finding meals is very difficult, the cost of these products also increases. This is where GMO comes in, and this can be done with the help of a boom in agricultural activity. This has several advantages: GMOs are genetically modified to produce crop yields, reduce dietary costs, reduce the need for pesticides, improve diet, pest nutritional composition and  quality,  and disease. Fight against and emphasize food safety. GMO can counter environmental stress through technological advances and provides a suitable environment for plants to grow in situations where they find it difficult to grow.



2. To helpful in presenting activity possibilities and a big capital for farmers.


Undoubtedly, GMO flora have the capability to play an vital function in adapting to weather change. As a count of fact, Africa`s agricultural tool is honestly relying on rain additionally during the time the climate deteriorates, farmers ultimately lose their jobs due to low yields or get little or no quotas in addition to the route are at a harm and the boundaries could arrive additionally states that 96% of Africa's agriculture is intently relying at the climate with rainfall of, regular with World Bank statistics and demography. However, because of weather change, Africa is going through a scarcity of rainfall. In addition, Africa faces in most cases heat climates, growing the breeding of pests and sicknesses and lowering crop productivity. 

For instance, there was one case in which Australian farmers professional a drought that devoured their plant life and were forced via mice stopping them. So the mice attacked their property and invaded their farmland. And it destroyed the harvest. In the meantime, those have induced many setbacks for the farmers because of their exceptional losses.


3. To give more possibility to advantage help from a few evolved countries.


This can be seen as an high-priced aspect of technology to where now to invest. Anyway, sure advanced international locations and non-governmental agencies are assisting to release this form of project. In addition, World Economic Forum leaders can don't forget techniques and help African international locations in need. If so, close by farmers in Africa can begin to advantage from seeds, infrastructure and new era that increase productivity and profits. For example, in 2016 Bill Gates endorsed an agricultural revolution in Africa. Therefore, this method also can save you farmers from struggling extensive losses from pests and insects.


Question. 2. Explain how the possible negative impacts of GMO, could be turned into a positive (if any).


In most cases, there are though locals who determine on more natural farming, but informed people choose to settle in GMO because of the truth they believe it`s miles more powerful and profitable. Obviously, the fine impact of the GMO outweighs the poor impact of .This brought to, so the African Continent changed into strict with in the law of GM agriculture so the brought about quite a few controversy in numerous African countries. One of the motives why the ability poor consequences of GMO may be fine is that farmers and purchasers want to be knowledgeable approximately GMO. This avoids suspicion of the poor consequences of GMO handiest in case you recognize the usefulness of GMO. Moreover, it might be the high-quality manner to steer the network and assist combat hunger, poverty and unemployment. In addition, multiplied yields, decreased meals and pharmaceutical manufacturing costs, decreased want for pesticides, advanced dietary and meals quality, resistance to pests and diseases, advanced meals security, multiplied globally. There are various fine advantages, whatever introduce scientific assist for the population.


Likewise, the US Department of Energy (2007, Phillips, quoted in 2008) states that due to the influence of GMO, salmon are designed to grow larger and mature faster. Another instance is the evaluation that GM soybeans have decrease tiers of phytoestrogen compounds which might be perceived as coronary artery ailment or harm than not unusual place soybeans.

Question.3. Describe one country in Africa that you think would most benefit from harvesting GMO products.



The simplest United States I accept as true with can advantage maximum from the harvest of GMO merchandise in Africa is Nigeria, which has a totally big population. The United States, generally known as Africa`s maximum crucial United States, is installation at the west coast of Africa. By the same token, naïve people with such a huge population cannot generate a developing in prospect of growing weather. Therefore, the surprising problem of growing crops without the use of biotechnology can arise. Unfortunately, those who enter agriculture without fear face the difficult situation of crop maladaptation and attacks from insects and mice. As a result, starvation could be very excessive with inside the United States. Onyeji (2018) claims that the material also merchandise of GMO were studied with the assist of many people, all the same are actual safe an secure.


For instance, in northern Nigeria, there are places wherein it best rains for three months like a desert. To expand corn in a place like Maiduguri that takes place to be north, farmers choose out this gene with sorghum, make it tolerant of drafts, and then insert it into the corn. The new gene is then identified in maize and subsequently expressed itself. Nigeria`s GMO is likewise enhancing its agricultural system. GMO seeds for the time being are moreover presented to farmers. Cerier (2017) explains that GMO generation is wanted to convey terrific blessings and capability to Africa, growth meals manufacturing and feed an developing population. None Heavy Expansion Food Creation, Africa faces a long-time period scarcity of exceptional meals and the coolest success of reliance on meals imports to feed the population.


Reference,

Globalization101. (n.d.). Health and globalization. The LEVIN Institute. https://my.uopeople.edu/pluginfile.php/1524835/mod_book/chapter/311530/glob101healthandglob.pdf