1. Learning Journal Reflective Comments:

Write short reflective comments or notes about your learning activities during the week. It is highly recommended that you make these entries on a daily basis. You will be assessed on the completeness of your Learning Journal, and the quality of your self-reflection.

You should date each entry, and use clear titles and sub-headings.  These entries should be brief, direct sentences indicating quick comments or notes such as:

* when you completed each step in the Learning Guide during the week,

* any problems or unexpected events that occurred during the week (including problems understanding new or old material), and

* any other noteworthy that might affect your performance in this class.

There is no need to include personal information or details of family events, but be sure to mention the existence of any situations that will positively or negatively affect your ability to focus on the classwork.

2. Vocabulary and R functions

a) What does the symbol x-bar represent?

b) What does the Greek letter mu (μ) represent as it was used in this week's lessons?

c) What is the difference between x-bar and mu?

3. Mean

a) Many people already know how to find the mean (average) of a sample of data by "adding all the numbers and dividing by the number of values in the dataset."  Read Chapter 4, and then describe, in your own words, another method of finding the mean by using the sample space (list of possible values) and probabilities (the technique is in the book).  Create a list of seven, 2-digit numbers (with no duplicates) and another set of seven probabilities (with no duplicates).  The probabilities must add to 1.

Open R, and manually enter those numbers and their corresponding probabilities to calculate the mean using only addition and multiplication (in other words, enter only the numbers, the plus sign, and the * for multiplication, like on the bottom of Yakir, 2011, p. 57).  Paste all the R output into your learning journal.

b) Describe in your own words what your calculation is doing and what the answer means.





ANSWER:

    ANSWER 1: At the beginning, this week I had complete unit 4 which was about Probability. I had worked on discussion assignments at first as last I had some problems with my discussion posts. I had learned how to write carefully and check my assignment with a plagiarism checker. In the discussion post, my assignment was about random variables. How can I use random variables and I had cited some of my own examples. After that, I had a complete a written assignment in there had to answer 21 quiz questions. The quizzes were about the data, random variables, and the population. After writing my peer assessments I had complete self-quizzes and learn many things. I re-attempt the self-quiz and practice more questions. This week I had a problem with understanding random variables but after studying a lot of materials I had able to learn how the random variables actually work. Finally, there was a noteworthy matter which could be affected my performance in class was using a plagiarism checker before submitting the work was most important for my assessment. Besides I had researched a lot on how to avoid plagiarism and complete my assessments very carefully. 



ANSWER 2: I am going to write vocabulary and R functions and demonstrating them which is given below:

A) Generally, the symbol x-bar illustrates the sample which usually defines a sample mean. Usually, this defines the mean or maybe average of the represented data that might be a segment of a sample of the entire population. We could also be calculated by distributing the total sum from all the values which are consisted of the sample with a lot of numbers in a sample. 



B) In my second answer, I am going to demonstrate the Greek letter mu (μ) which actually represent as it was used in this week's lessons that might be the same for the x-bar but it actually divided by the total population of the mean as the x-bar is called the mean of a sample data. We can also compute by allotting with the sum of entire values in a population with the number of weighing. 



C) Here I am going to demonstrate the difference between x-bar and mu. Usually, x-bar and mu are different factors which are calculated by the proper same value by excepting a few of those values also. Here the mu formula is explained by capital letters which always weighed with the values in the x-bars. But if we add whole values in the sample set it might be divided by the amount of those values. As a result, we can represent the average mean for the sample set and we also can shows with population set also. This is necessary because this method always individualizes with few differences in the values by comparing with calculating the variance as well as the standard deviation of the population set.



ANSWER 3: In my third answer I am going to demonstrate mean calculation. 

 A) In my logic, I am going to cite the uses of values and probabilities.  Suppose,



 value : 20,21,22,23,24,25,26
 Probability = 0.13 0.14 0.35 0.15 0.18 0.20 0.09


    If we calculate the mean from the sample data for using the value and the probability by assessing the sum of the values and

covered by every value so that each value could be multiplied by the probability. Finally, the values are compiled to show the mean. 

a <- c(20,21,22,23,24,25,26)
b <- c(0.13,0.14,0.35,0.15,0.18,0.20,0.09)
person <- a*b
sum(person)

  Here my console result:

[1] 28.35




B) If I multiply with a*b as well as I also had been added the total values altogether which shows me a mean result pf 28.35 and in this case, in the R console I had to multiply the separate value with a and b.  As a result, it gives the sum of the function which factored by the individual value simultaneously.


