discussion posts:

Please respond to the following question with a post of at least 200 words. 

Discuss the role of the polis in Archaic and Classical-era Greece, supporting your response with examples and detail from your reading. 
Also remember to respond to the posts of at least 3 of your peers. Be sure to follow all the guidelines stipulated on the assignment page in your post and your responses.


ANSWER:

   In the beginning, here I am going to talk about the city of the state where there were poleis in Archaic as well as Classical-time of Greece. WE can assist that each of the state needs a separate nation. Because it has different sizes of its population as well as the local area has a guarded. There were various political aptitude like Oligarchies in Sparta and Tyrannies in Macedon. Moreover, for the Democratic it leans in Athens. IT had more than 1000 cities in the states. Ancient Greece is the famous for Sparta and Athens and this was the biggest along with Corinth, Thebes, Rhodes, Aegina, Eretria, Argos, Syracuse as well as Elis, and these polis was the nation of the Greece which have laws and customs. Moreover, it had its own mother language, cultures, and dignitary. The similar set of the gods of their worshiped was the same poleis religion. Furthermore, they had a war, which is known as Second Messenian War. It was in Sparta in 685-668 BCE. But the alliance's war was known as 490 BCE Battle of the Marathon. It happened in Athens and Sparta. These two wars we served including alliances to make increase their concepts through the wider area and make enabled to pressure for their enemies and allies.

In my second point of the view, the poleis make the same city in the states which has diverse and make rules in various forms of the government. This, the Sparta had two kings in that time and also its has two councils. This assembly in Sparta and there was an oligarchy to rule for many of them but still it was few. The rule was one of the illegal in Syracuse, which was under the Dionysios in 405BCE of the Tyrannies.  The rule has a majority in the Sparta for its democracies. Again, there was many by one where the Macedon was in under Philip as well as next it were Alexander was in the Monarchy. We can also say that the democracies and monarchies are the most popular instances. 

As a result, the poleis was empowered by the Archaic as well as Classical-era of the Greece which were rising its heights to make its power and become famous. But it was approved to collapsed by the governmental system which was destruction.

References:

National Geographic Society. (March 15, 2019). Greek City-Stateshttps://www.nationalgeographic.org/encyclopedia/greek-city-states/#:~:text=There%20grew%20to%20be%20over,Each%20city%2Dstate%20ruled%20itself.




Cartwright, Mark, (20 March 2018), Ancient Greek Governmenthttps://www.ancient.eu/Greek_Government