How did people in Athens and Sparta obtain the right to participate in public life and make decisions affecting the community? 

Who held public office? 

What rules governed the selection of public office holders?

How were the two city-states similar in their governmental structures? 
 
How did they differ?


ANSWER:

Written Assignment Unit 1

Department of Computer Science, University of the People

HIST 1421: Greek and Roman Civilization

Instructor: Mike Green

Date: November 14th, 2021

How did people in Athens and Sparta obtain the right to participate in public life and makedecisions affecting the community?

The Spartans, a men-only culture, forbade women from holding any position of authority, evencitizenship. Athens was more democratic than Sparta, and they avoided the separation of classesin their culture. In reorganizing the Athens community, Cleisthenes had a role to play. In Athens,positions are often   elected by the ballot and lots, as   this  method ensures   that   only capablecandidates get access to power. Citizens and free individuals in Athens are able to influencegovernment decisions


Who held public office?

Athenians could not only elect politicians but act as jurors as well. In Athens, all male citizens ofage 20 or above can become members of the Assembly. They gather to craft the law three times amonth. Members will be selected by lottery to serve as jurors. And the Athens government'spublic office has certain standards for wealth and age levels.The two kings of Sparta belonged to the Agiad and Eurypontid clans. Ephors: Only one year ofservice is required of the five magistrates appointed. Additionally, the Gerousia council, which isresponsible for governing, was established. In Sparta, citizens are all members of the Assembly,which   is   the  primary   governing  body   that   makes  decisions   on  national  security   and   passeslegislation. Remember, only males were regarded as citizens.

What rules governed the selection of public office holders?

The governing factor in who holds an office in Athens is age. Spartan citizens already belong tothe Assembly, which is made up of only men.

How were the two city-states similar in their governmental structures?

When it comes to decisions and public office selections, neither the Athenians nor the Spartansconsider women, slaves, or outsiders. Nobody who was a slave, a woman, or an outsider had anyvoice in the administration.

How did they differ?

There was no jury for Spartans, and they were not governed by a system of direct democracyunlike Athens.

References:

Brand,   Peter.   (nd.).   Athens   &   Sparta:   Democracy   vs.   Dictatorship.   Retrieved   from:https://my.uopeople.edu/mod/resource/view.php?id=261558