As you read about in the textbook this week, goal-setting is an important strategy to manage your time and stay on track with your education. Reflect on the importance of goal-setting, and answer the following questions:

Briefly, share a time when you set a goal and did not accomplish it, and then share a time when you set a goal and successfully achieved it. Why weren’t you successful in your first example? Why were you successful in your second example?
Why does effective goal-setting help us achieve goals? What are the characteristics of good goals?
Based on your answer to questions 1 and 2, set three goals: one short-term, one mid-term, and one long-term


ANSWER: 
    In the beginning, goal-setting is an effective strategy to manage my time and stay on track in my education. When try to set my goal to do my all tasks in time but unfortunately I failed to accomplish it, because I was doing procrastination in my setting goal plan. Procrastination actually defines as the action of delaying or postponing something. For example,  If I take some advice from my instructors and not complete the tasks on time which was given by my instructor. When my instructor wants the assessment I am doing procrastination to complete my work and not following my set goals.  As a result, I failed to maintain my time goal as well as not focusing on my work, thus I did not accomplish good marks. On the other hand, when I share a time to set my goal and successfully achieved it. There were different types of goals may be a short term goal or long term goal. But when I follow my time goal and keep the focus on my work it would be a long-term goal that I already going to be achieved. For example, If I think that my goals are going to achieve in a week or in a few days that is called short term goals, and if I expect and set my goal for a month or more than a month that is going to be long term goals. First time I did not succeed because I was doing procrastination in my setting goal and did not complete it in a week or more than a month. But second I achieve my set goal because the whole time I was focusing on my set time goal. 

    There were the most effective goal-setting help us achieve goals and there are also characteristics of good goals. First of all,  I can write down all my goals which I am going to work on. I think most people might think it is an unnecessary method but trust me it is a very useful method to follow and set work completing goals. In my second example, we always need to make a plan into action and always try to review regularly. In my third point, we always need to keep our work pointing specifically and review those progress over and over again. At last, we need to reward ourselves for our success and learn more about how we can succeed more. But if accidentally we get failure in our work we should not punish ourselves and we need to learn from our mistakes.

    As based on set three goals: one short-term, one mid-term, and one long-term I am going to describe it. Short term goal is when we set a goal for a very small period to complete and try to reach in my lifetime's plan. For example, if I set a business plan that I am going to sell my ebooks in a week and make a profit this is called a short-term goal. Because here I had made a small term plan to sell my ebook in a week and set a goal to achieve and reach my lifetime goal.

    On the other side of the coin, a Mid-term goal is when we set our goal to complete half period usually define it. For example, if I set a goal to complete my syllabus in half of the month and try to reach my lifetime achievement. Because my target is to complete my full syllabus in half of the month or week and give all exams for my life to achieve good marks. 

    In my third example, Long term goal setting when we set a goal for a month or take more than a month or year usually defined it. For example, if I set a goal as a trader that I am going to buy some stocks and invests in the stock market and trade for one month or more than one month. Here basically my target is to achieve my goal is for lifetime by investing more than a month. 





