Psychologists and scientists use the words “empirical evidence”, “empirical research “, and “empiricism” in ‘scientific studies’.  But do we, as consumers and users of ‘scientific information’ understand what these mean?

The Merriam-Webster Dictionary (2014) defines the word “empirical” as:

1:  originating in or based on observation or experience <empirical data>

2:  relying on experience or observation alone often without due regard for system and theory <an empirical basis for the theory>

3:  capable of being verified or disproved by observation or experiment <empirical laws>”

Answer the follow questions:

·         What parts of our bodies do we rely upon when gathering empirical evidence?

·         Would you consider your day to day living experience and observations as part of empirical evidence?  Why?

Your Discussion should be at least 250 words in length, but not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references for the textbook and any other sources used.

 

References

Merriam-Webster. (n.d.). Empirical. In Merriam-Webster.com dictionary. Retrieved December 3, 2019 from https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/empirical

 

 
ANSWER: 

In the beginning, I am going to discuss both the empirical proof or records are primarily based totally on a remark or experience, our senses play a critical function in gathering empirical proof. The most massive of them is our revel in of sight. Vision is this type of sturdy experience that it`s far included in cultures. For example, the attention at the lower back of the greenback word that is not constantly certainly seen except you take the phrase of the statistics of the word. Sight modified into a critical detail of human development at the same time as human civilization existed on Earth.

In the second point of view, The one-of-a-kind sensations used to accumulate empirical statistics are the senses of smell, touch, hearing, and taste. Everything in our common-sense tasks with our mind. Our mind displays the feelings our senses perceive, so the maximum vital part of our frame we accept as true while accumulating empirical proof is our mind. You may also use your nose, hands, ears, mouth, and skin, however, each part of your frame is attached to your worried device and you may experience it.

I sincerely see my everyday reviews and observations as empirical proof, moreover another reason is this is precisely the way it was. The definition of empirical proof is "takes place from or primarily based totally on the statement or experience."(Merriam-Webster Dictionary (n.d.)).

Every day I acquire empirical evidence of my lifestyle via my senses. The statistics I acquire are empirical via definition and exclusion. They are virtually now not intuitive proofs. Collected thru existence experience and observation.

References,

Merriam-Webster. (n.d.). Empirical. In Merriam-Webster.com dictionary. Retrieved December 3, 2019 from https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/empirical

Smith, E. (n.d.). Thinking like a psychological scientist. In R. Biswas-Diener & E. Diener (Eds), Noba textbook series: Psychology. DEF publishers. http://noba.to/nt3ysqcm