Learning Journal Unit 1
The scientific method is a method of inquiry that helps us understand nature around and within us.  When we talk about “science” as only one way to explain nature, and psychology, in particular, as one way to explain human behavior, what do you think this means?  Can you think of other ways that we have used to explain behavior?

The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources.


ANSWER:

In the beginning, I am going to talk about the clinical method, wherein clinical research are a crucial method we've lengthy used to emerge as privy to what's round us and find out the limitless mysteries of the arena. This technique is taken into consideration to be the best manner to do this because it is based on logical wondering and experimentation primarily based totally on a selected approach. In this manner, you could ensure that what you locate is genuine. For Instance, in psychology, a technological know-how that research the thoughts and conduct of dwelling organisms, psychology research test with people and animals to take a look at their reactions in exceptional approaches and to peer how the thoughts work. This was to result of the hypothesis. Or an argument. "The purpose of all scientists is to higher recognize the arena around them. Psychologists are targeted on information conduct and the cognitive means mental and physiological known as physical techniques that underlie it."(Smith, E. (n.d.).

Of course, psychologists have studied human conduct in depth. "John B. Watson is likewise known as the father of activism in psychology". I assume that the extent of schooling of someone also can have an effect on their conduct and desires. For example, in line with the textbooks of the deceased, playing going to museums through the years to research new matters approximately the beyond and the arena can extrude the manner we study the arena round us and extrude our conduct. At different times, human beings weren`t very open-minded, however present day human beings are extra open-minded. It is likewise a choice to visit museums and beaches, however I assume that the choice differs from man or woman to man or woman relying at the gene.(Smith, E. (n.d.).

Good example: As a UoPeople student, I usually experience satisfaction and stimulation whilst a teacher offers me top grades and top feedback on my post. And high-quality of all, while you get terrible grades, you are nearly usually unhappy and discouraged. That's why we are in college in order that we are able to research from our classmates for no purpose or without declaring errors, right? Finally, you could adjust positive behaviors to take note of them and save them from making equal errors or violating the law. Other techniques that may be used to explain conduct encompass verbal, emotional, or bodily expressions. People now and again react violently, and a few humans react emotionally with the aid of using screaming, beating, crying, laughing, or worrying.

References,

Spielman, R., Dumper, K., Jenkins, W., Lacombe, A., Lovett, M. & Perlmutter, M. (2017). Psychology. OpenStax College, Rice University. Download for free at https://openstax.org/details/books/psychology.

Smith, E. (n.d.). Thinking like a psychological scientist. In R. Biswas-Diener & E. Diener (Eds), Noba textbook series: Psychology. DEF publishers. http://noba.to/nt3ysqcm

Suzuki, W. (n.d.) The brain-changing benefits of exercise [Video]. TEDWomen2017. https://www.ted.com/talks/wendy_suzuki_the_brain_changing_benefits_of_
