The Learning Journal is a tool for self-reflection on the learning process. In addition to completing directed tasks, you should use the Learning Journal to document your activities, record problems you may have encountered and to draft answers for Discussion Forums and Assignments. The Learning Journal should be updated regularly (on a weekly basis), as the learning journals will be assessed by your instructor as part of your Final Grade.

Your learning journal entry must be a reflective statement that considers the following questions:

Describe what you did. This does not mean that you copy and paste from what you have posted or the assignments you have prepared. You need to describe what you did and how you did it.
Describe your reactions to what you did
Describe any feedback you received or any specific interactions you had. Discuss how they were helpful
Describe your feelings and attitudes
Describe what you learned
Another set of questions to consider in your learning journal statement include:

What surprised me or caused me to wonder?
What happened that felt particularly challenging? Why was it challenging to me?
What skills and knowledge do I recognize that I am gaining?
What am I realizing about myself as a learner?
In what ways am I able to apply the ideas and concepts gained to my own experience?
Finally, describe one important thing that you are thinking about in relation to the activity
You are required to write at least 300 words.



ANSWER:


In the beginning, I am going to talk about what I had accomplished in this week. This week was the fifth week for me and I need to study about the units five: JavaScript chapter. Besides this, I had grade quiz in this week. At first I had to study the learning guide. Next I had to start working on my discussion posts where I need to discuss about the Content Management System (CMS) 's characteristics, technology used, features, benefits etc. Moreover I need to make a list of several important Content Management Systems. So I had detailed and point out all the important features and benefits of CMS. Next I had listed all the importance of the CMS. I had reviews three of my peer assessments in the discussion posts. I think one of my peer had forgotten to talk about the benefits of the CMS. Next I had gave a review on the discussion posts forum peers discussion assessment and last week programming assessment. Last week programming assessment was quiet interesting where we need to complete the HTML and CSS course from code academy online learning platform and take a 100% completion screenshots. After reviewing my peers works I had graded them and move in my this week programming assessment where I need to submit my own work. So it was similar like last week programming assessment. I need to complete the JavaScript course only two sections which was about to complete the introduction of the JavaScript and functions sections need to complete and take screenshots and added in the assessment. So I had to complete all my written assessment and take preparation for my grade quiz exam which grades will be going to be added with the final grades. I had successfully given my 30 minutes exam and I had got 100/100 in my grade quiz. Now I am taking preparation mentally for my final proctored exam quizzes. I had to complete the self-quiz then and move to write my this week learning journal. When I received last week feedback from my peers and grade well marks it encourages me to work more seriously in my study. My reactions were awesome and I feel that positive feedback from my peers are helping me to improve my assessments presented perfectly. I had to learn a lot of new things this week about JavaScript topic. I was surprised when I receive my grade quiz marks because last grade quiz I had made a god marks and this week was similar things happen. I was wondering hard work gives me present. Well, it was not so easy it was quite challenging for me for now and for my future proctor exam also. Because keeping up same marks is quite tough. I hope my proctor exam will be well like this grade quiz marks. This week I had also received, that my name was listed in the dean's list for term 3 for this year. So, if I achieve the same grade in my proctor exam I hope I could hit my name in the president list and for that I need to work harder. And I am realizing that study more work hard more which will help me to achieve good marks in my web-programming course. Because I wish to be a front-end developer in my career life. I am studying HTML, CSS, and JavaScript harder and coding all day long. As a result, I am gaining more coding skills experience by studying this course which I could use and apply this knowledge in my future career. Finally, one things I must describe that is studying this material is very important I think as a computer science student. 


































