Writing college-level assignments can be intimidating, but it doesn’t have to be. This week, let’s have a discussion on writing strategies. For this assignment, write at least 250 words answering the following:

Imagine that you have been asked to speak to your classmates and share your most helpful strategy for college-level writing. What would that strategy be?
When you write, what is the difference between writing a paper and writing a discussion post? How does the writing process differ for these two types of assignments? Furthermore, what is the difference between writing an initial discussion post and a response to one of your classmates?
Your Discussion should be at least 250 words in length, but not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references for the textbook and any other sources used. (Last week, you learned how to cite e-books, so be sure to at least cite the textbook in your discussion post this week.) Refer to the UoPeople APA Tutorials in the LRC for help in APA citations.


ANSWER: At the beginning of my discussion, in every academic assignment has its own writing strategies it might be school-level or college-level. Every student needs to know writing techniques for their academics which would help them also in real life. Suppose, they can learn how to write essays, journals, or literature reviews, or terms papers also research papers and these are very mandatory learning for every high school or college-university level students whether he or she local student or an international student. Because these tricks help to develop the right planning as well as an effective strategy for a pupil. In my opinion, I am going to share the most significant writing strategy for college-level writing that would be everybody should concentrate on task hand. Because most of the student does not follow college rules or cannot maintain discipline which would cause in their real-life also as a result they became indiscipline and irregular in there every work or in daily life also. So, nowadays technology is becoming useful has many advantages which a college-level student can use for writing their assessment or research papers on laptops or computer. There were also many software and web application which they can take to help to learn writing strategy by doing self-learning. Students should not waste technology devices by watching any entertainment or social media activities. If a student has a laptop that means he or she can learn many things using free resources and by reading some latest writing techniques. There are also various productivity applications on android or ios mobile which a student can use for learning and stay focus on their daily life task, it might help to keep avoiding distraction activities. For example, a student can use Evernote, Trello, Slack, Rescuetime, or sunrise application to keep them motivate and focus on the task hands. 



   Secondly, Paper writing strategy defines the circumstance of a subject which might take use to explain for any real facts or knowledge of any information, stats as well as quotes from any expert tutors or professors to siding their opinion. On the other hand, discussion posts are an important question and answer post of any type of social media or network for the example student community.  In the discussion writing, he or she can explain their thoughts and views to other peers, and by correcting any mistakes they can also learn many new things. 



  Besides this, there might also be a variety in "initial discussion post" or in "a response". Actually initial means any beginning or basic stages of discussion in which you could set up your idea and judgment or views of any subjects. On the other side, A response is when someone gives a reaction or any reply to your initial discussion post and express their own views and answer to you.  

   In the book called "What Do Professors Really Say about College Writing?" Many writers had discussed, the writing strategy. Suppose, to gather any types of faculty response students should start with a thumbnail sketch for any type of research method which features on the focus group or any discussion.  Source by, Brockman, E., Taylor, M., Kreth, M., & Crawford, M. (2011). What Do Professors Really Say about College Writing? The English Journal, 100(3), 75-81. Retrieved September 13, 2020, from http://www.jstor.org/stable/25790065. 


   




