 Reflection Topic
Here is an opportunity to practice your peer assessment skills. While this assignment is fictitious (fabricated), imagine that the following is a class assignment from a peer student. After you read the students assignment, please assess the student’s work using the assessment criteria. You can fill it out and then copy and paste it into the Learning Journal. 

Download the Unit 2 – Fictitious Student Assignment. Read the directions for the assignment that your peer was supposed to follow so you can assess that the student understood the directions completely.
Read the “Submitted Assignment” completed by your fictitious peer.
Download the Fictitious Peer Assessment Criteria document. Review the grading/assessment criteria, making sure that you understand what criteria you are to grade/assess for this peers assignment.
Grade/assess the assignment using the assessment form. Make sure that you provide feedback to support the grade/assessment that you have given to your peer - you should write at least 1-2 sentences for each aspect. This includes an overall feedback comment at the end.
You will ONLY submit the assessment grading and feedback information in the Learning Journal, which is in the assessment criteria form.
APA Exercise
Every week in your learning journal for Online Education Strategies, you will practice APA format. This week, you are going to learn how to cite a webpage. Find a webpage related to this week’s peer review exercise on water pollution. Then, complete the following exercise:

What is the title of the webpage?
Who is the author (or who are the authors)? Note: an author can also be an organization. The Center for Disease Control is an example of an organization that is the author of a webpage.
What year was the webpage published? Note: if there is no date, you can write “n.d.” instead.
What is the URL of the webpage?
Using the information from #1-4, write the APA reference for the webpage you found. The reference goes at the end of your work, after all of your writing is finished.
Now, let’s write the in-text citation, to use at the end of a sentence you are writing. In-text citations are always (Author, Year). Using the information from #5, write the APA in-text citation for the webpage you found.
 
 ANSWER: 
 
ANSWER 1:  
      In the beginning, I had downloaded the Unit 2 – Fictitious Student Assignment in the assignment the directions for was my peer was needs to follow some strategies before he was writing this assessment, in here I am going to demonstrate what he could assess the directions and understood completely. At first, he had written the introduction of the assessment very clearly.  At the first point, he demonstrated that in our daily life water pollution rapidly increasing and carbon is the most important thing that causes water pollution mostly. He also can imagine that, if water pollution is increasing this situation going to affect the children, animals, and planets and would cause deadly diseases. To stop water pollution everybody needs to take steps to reduce this pollution. As a result, he has expressed that everybody should cooperate with each and other.
  In the second point, he described the local pollution which occurs in our community. First steps in the river everybody should try to stop throwing any type of wastes and helps to reduce water pollution. Garbage water and chemicals are the most common waste, which increases water pollution. My peer has also explained the reasons for water pollution which we often see in our local environment. Because when any children or animals use the river water they might be attacked in several diseases which might cause diarrhea or cholera even death also. So, the council should need to be more concerned about this situation, for example, nutrient pollution from fertilizers, e-coli, plastics, solvents, petroleum, etc. He also strongly described the matter that by causing and polluting water many farmers grow foods inland that might also might be polluted, which is called a nutrient solution. Thus, when we eat those foods or if any animal eats this plant those polluted water might also influence us. 
  In the third point, my peer also gave some awareness messages to develop the improvement of our water quality. He also explains that in our community everybody needs to reduce throwing waste in water which would assist to reduce water and nutrient pollution. If people walk more and use fewer vehicles, it might also help to reduce pollution. Besides this, planting is another way to stop polluting water and makes our environment more greenery. 
  At last, my peer has detailed critical thinking and gave the overall constructive feedback about stopping the water pollution. By recycling and reusing anything we could able to reduce pollution and our community also needs to be more aware of the pollution. 

References,
Sharpley, A. N., Sims, D., Lemunyon, J., Stevens, R., & Parry, R. Agricultural phosphorus and eutrophication second edition (Issue Brief: USDA.)


ASSESSMENT CRITERIA (for practicing)

Element 1: Did the student present information about main water pollutants in his/her community and the possible causes of water pollution?

-The student provided information on the main water pollutants and possible causes= 10 points

-Only one of these two components were provided= 5 points

-Did not address this part of the assignment = 0 points

Use the feedback box to provide your peer with the reason you did or did not give full credit for this element.

Weight: 1.00

Grade (max 10 points): 10

Feedback: Yes, he had gave a clear explanation that how to be cooperate with each other and to rude the water pollution. He also described the critical thinking of the water pollution.

Element 2: Did the student compare the findings from his/her community with other community and discuss the findings?

-This was thoroughly described and answered = 10 points

-Addressed most of the question, but could have been more detailed and elaborated further = 7 points

-The answer was very brief and in need of much further explanation= 4 points

-Did not address this part of the assignment = 0 points

Use the feedback box to provide your peer with the reason you did or did not give full credit for this element.

Weight: 1.00

Grade (max 10 points): 10

Feedback: Yes. He had demonstrated the awareness of this situation and give the exact reasons description. He has also explain the community to be more aware of this water pollution.

Element 3: Did the student list at least two skills or interests that could be applied to helping improve water quality in his/her community?

-This was thoroughly described and answered = 10 points

-Addressed most of the question, but could have been more detailed and effective= 7 points

-The student thoroughly described and answered for at least one skill = 4 points

-Did not address this part of the assignment = 0 points

Use the feedback box to provide your peer with the reason you did or did not give full credit for this element.

Weight: 1.00

Grade (max 10 points): 10

Feedback: Yes, the student also explain the interest and skills that would help to reduce the water pollution . Beside this, he also write the outcomes this situation.

Element 4: Did the paper meet the length requirements of at least 700 words and include a word-count?

-The assignment was at least 700 words in length and included a word-count= 10 points

-The assignment was at least 700 words in length and but did not include a word-count= 8 points 

-The assignment was less than 700 words in length, but more than 500 words in length and included a word-count= 7 points

-The assignment was less than 700 words in length, but more than 500 words in length and but did not include a word-count = 6 points

- The assignment was less than 500 words in length, but more than 300 words in length and included a word-count= 5 points

- The assignment was less than 500 words in length, but more than 300 words in length and did not include a word-count= 4 points 

- The assignment was less than 300 words in length, but more than 200 words in length and included a word-count= 3 points

- The assignment was less than 300 words in length, but more than 200 words in length and did not include a word-count= 2 points

-The assignment was 200 or fewer words in length = 0 points

Use the feedback box to provide your peer with the reason you did or did not give full credit for this element.

Weight: 1.00

Grade (max 10 points): 7

Feedback: Actually when I count the words it is less that 700 words and it is near 600 words. But he has described all concepts perfectly.

Element 5: Writing includes proper spelling and grammar, and is clear and understandable. 

Use the below key to award points (10 max.)

-No errors = 10 pts

-2-3 errors = 7 pts

-3-5 errors= 5 pts

-6-8 errors = 3 pts

-Writing has 8 or more clarity and/or spelling/grammar issues = 0 pts

Use the feedback box to provide your peer with the reason you did or did not give full credit for this element.

Weight: 1.00

Grade (max 10 points): 7

Feedback: There was some word puntuation and prepositions mistakes I had find. Thus overall is okay so in this case he might need to check more before submitting.


Element 5: Does the paper include an introduction and conclusion?

-Yes, both an introduction and conclusion = 10 pts

-Has an introduction or conclusion, but not both = 5 pts

-No, has no introduction and no conclusion  = 0 pts

Use the feedback box to provide your peer with the reason you did or did not give full credit for this element.

Weight: 1.00

Grade (max 10 points): 10

Feedback: Yes, He had clearly explain the introduction and conclusion with relevant writing. He had gave a very unique feedback in conclusion.

Be sure to leave any overall feedback and tips for the student in the general comment area.

General comment: He had described all the situation and steps very clearly. Besides this, he had also explain all the reasons perfectly.

APA EXERCISE: 

          
                                            Canadian Journal of Public Health
 Canadian Journal of Public Health / Revue Canadienne de Santé Publique, W. M. Walkinshaw
                                          Vol. 57, No. 2 (FEBRUARY 1966), pp. 91-92
                                              https://www.jstor.org/stable/41983847
         
               In the beginning, the author has explained all about water pollution. He stated that there is a very well water-management organization that helps people's concerns regarding public health. He also said that nowadays there are also a lot of agents who help people and agencies are being interested to solve the problem and assist people appropriately. There was also an event that was reviewed by public health groups and communities and held a conference about the water pollution (1996, Canadian councils of resource ministers). The conference was about "Pollution and Our Environment". They also raised their voice in that conference about Canada and United States Water pollution problems.
References,
Walkinshaw, W. (1966). WATER POLLUTION. Canadian Journal of Public Health / Revue Canadienne De Sante'e Publique, 57(2), 91-92. Retrieved September 24, 2020, from http://www.jstor.org/stable/41983847

Walkinshaw, W. M. “WATER POLLUTION.” Canadian Journal of Public Health / Revue Canadienne De Sante'e Publique, vol. 57, no. 2, 1966, pp. 91–92. JSTOR, www.jstor.org/stable/41983847. Accessed 24 Sept. 2020.

Walkinshaw, W. M. "WATER POLLUTION." Canadian Journal of Public Health / Revue Canadienne De Sante'e Publique 57, no. 2 (1966): 91-92. Accessed September 24, 2020. http://www.jstor.org/stable/41983847.


