1- Most helpful strategy for college level writing:

               To become a successful academic writer, it is very important to understand the process of academic writing and to use the proper approach from the start to the finish of the project (Murray, R., & Moore, S. (2006).

 

The most helpful strategy for the successful college level writing consists of the following process

 i-       Pre-writing: The main idea or the subject of the writing must be clearly defined. And then the writer should start developing those points.

ii-       Structure of ideas: In this step, overall structure of the writing must be determined and an outline must be created.

iii-       Writing a rough draft: The first draft of the writing must be completed. This draft must cover the main subject and idea of the writing. All the topics outlined in step 2 must be thoroughly addressed.

iv-       Revising: In this step the whole written draft must be revisited and reviewed, and if required, the content may be altered with some minor or major changes by adding or deleting a paragraph or reorganizing the text.

v-       Final Editing: This step involves reviewing the draft for final changes which may be making changes to improve the style, improving writing according to standard writing conventions or fixing errors in grammar and spelling.

When all these steps are completed then the work is finished and is ready for the submission.

  

 

2-  Difference between writing a paper and writing a discussion post:

Writing a paper means that you simply write down your thinking about any topic in a detailed manner. You try to elaborate the topic according to your thoughts and ideas. While the sole purpose of the discussion is to present your idea or topic and support it with examples or other proofs, then you request others to put their thoughts about your work and possibly accept or argue with your idea or topic (Walsh, et. al., 2005)

 

The writing process: The process of writing a paper differs than writing a discussion post. Writing a paper involves a lot of detail and research and it must first develop an idea and then elaborate with supportive examples and proofs and present the finished work. While writing for the discussion process involves first opening a discussion topic by presenting your idea or topic with examples and then you request other to put their thought into that. Then the whole writing process evolves into a healthy discussion.

           

The difference between an initial discussion post and writing a response: Initial discussion post always opens a discussion by making a claim of some type and then supporting it from other references, but writing a response would either try to support or reject one or more points in the initial discussion post. Writing a response does not necessarily cover the full topic in question, rather may point to some specific part of the whole writing. (Walsh, et. al., 2005)

 

(Word Count: 485)



                                                                                                 References

Murray, Rowena, and Sarah Moore. EBOOK: The Handbook of Academic Writing: a Fresh Approach, McGraw-Hill  Education, 2006. ProQuest Ebook Central, http://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/univ-people-ebooks/detail.action?docID=316307.
Created from univ-people-ebooks on 2020-09-15 00:26:16.



Walsh, Jackie Acree, and Beth Dankert Sattes. Questioning for Classroom Discussion : Purposeful Speaking, Engaged Listening, Deep Thinking, Association for Supervision & Curriculum Development, 2015. ProQuest Ebook Central, https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/univ-people-ebooks/detail.action?docID=4398163.