Using your own words, answer each of the following questions:

What is peer assessment, and why do we use it at University of the People?
What are the benefits of peer assessment?
What are the challenges of giving peer feedback in peer assessment?
What are the challenges of receiving peer feedback in peer assessment?
What strategies will you use to peer assess written assignments? How will you assess discussion assignments?

ANSWER: In the beginning, Peer Assessment is a king of a learning process where students can review and give their own feedback to each other assessment and work. When a student work on their self-assessment he or she peer gives review to their work as this strategy helps to develop soft skills or collaborative skill. University of the people uses this learning strategy because when a student works in peer assessment he or she could able to take responsibility to assess their own homework of each other and to fit the assessment standard. By reviewing peers' wors it allows a student to explain and judge each other own ideas and views by questioning in the classroom. This strategy if for effective in all stage and improve student writing skills. There were some benefits and challenges by giving feedback in peer assessment. For example, various proficiency levels. When a student in an online class has only limited skills or knowledge of any type of subject he or she could not proudly give mark the work in front of each other. Most of the students might feel ill-equipped for the assessment and also could be shy to make any decision about their peers. On the other hand, the challenges by receiving peer feedback in peer assessment are by giving any types of feedback most of the pupils might not receive their peers. Most of the students could not accept any disagree opinion thus they get emotional for their assessment feedback because if the answer were not properly explained well. Well, there were many strategies that I could use to peer assess in written assignments. By explaining assignment purpose and motive peers assignment as well as giving more reviews and feedback as soon as possible. By reviewing peer, work students can also learn by reviewing their own opinion. This strategy also helps to improve to understand each other work and this encourages peers to perform the active engagement.



In this case, a student who had advanced level knowledge could able to explain the peer assessment as the question wise. Otherwise, a student who does not have enough knowledge or did not understand the question format might fail to identify the peer assessment. Most of the students could write detailed about peer assessment which is used at UoPeople. Some students could only unable to compose the main explanation. This is used so that students could able to take responsibility and manage their own work which also helps to motivate pupils to engage with the course learning resources more actively. The student also gives each other peer assessment feedback and continues their challenges which could give more explanation to the advantages of the peer review system. By considering any student could able to evaluate their faceless assignments for more purposes of the reviews. By receiving feedback from peer assignments most of the students often find students want with proper structure by approaching the assessment. Most of the students implement peer assessment that could be written assignments which might be an aim of the assessment, by grading and receiving marks form both peers or by training the assess work of their peers so that they could provide feedback. The student could assess the discussion posts in peer assessment also by writing there own thoughts and views of the topic.

