As you can see, the link between emotional intelligence and the MBTI types is well documented. For your discussion post, answer the following questions providing evidence to support your answers:

What is the difference between Intellectual, Social, Cultural and Emotional intelligence?

In your chosen profession (i.e. business, computer science, health science), what are the benefits of knowing your MBTI type? How would you use this information to be more successful in a professional setting?

How can you use this information to be more successful at University of the People?
Your Discussion should be at least 250 words in length, but not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references for the textbook and any other sources used.

ANSWER:

Emotional intelligence is the talent and aptitude to recognize, evaluate, and manage the feelings of oneself, others, and groups. It was complete because it covers every single group. In different words, we will locate intelligence, social intelligence, cultural intelligence, and emotional intelligence.

Intellectual intelligence is the strength of the thoughts to apprehend and recognize better styles of knowhow and thoughts. Social intelligence is the strength of human beings for decades to proportion elements of the community, together with language, and to apprehend the factors of society and the relationships among their members. It ambitions to boom knowhow approximately social effects on society as an entire and its additives, main to higher social understanding. Cultural intelligence is the strength to apprehend, take delight in, and replace as wished cultural additives together with the arts, customs, lifestyles, and customs that signify a specific country.

Additionally, it enables to maintain the lifestyle and by skip it directly to new generations. Emotional intelligence is the potential to apply feelings of someone or an organization of human beings to elevate cognizance of these feelings after which manage them to beautify wonderful outcomes and keep away from poor outcomes(Emmerling & Goleman, n.d.).


Currently, I am pursuing my degree in computer science at the University of the people. There are many blessings to understanding my MBTI type. It facilitates me to make higher selections in my existence by giving me a cause for my mind and feelings. Also, human beings around you'll be capable of recognizing. Understanding why assist you to recognize the way to act higher and attain greater goals. For example, it'll educate you on the way to be satisfied, paintings hard, and talk nicely with the ones around you. If we recognize our persona and efficaciously apprehend our situation, we are able to act with inside the satisfactory viable way, obtain effective effects, and keep away from poor effects.

I use these records to make my computer science control greater successful. This is my last term to be graduate and after that, I will apply for my associate science degree certificate. The awful scenario in Bangladesh influenced me in the course of my journey to the University of the People. Access to power and the net is simplest four hours a day. This allows me to be greater prepared and timetable my research. I discovered to apply what I collect and analyze in my research and now I am coaching online at my personal website. My thoughts began out considering a way to use every problem I face in starting a brand new horizon for my profession and life.

These statistics will make me greater success at the University of the People. I even have by no means failed the route. Every route I take seems like a brand-new international and a brand-new adventure. I discovered to speak with classmates from one-of-a-kind cultures and countries. I discovered from the trainer a way to get the maximum gain from all of the assignments and assessments I take.

References,

Emmerling, R. J., & Goleman, D. (n.d., October). Emotional intelligence: Issues and common misunderstandings. The Consortium for Research on Emotional Intelligence in Organizations. http://www.eiconsortium.org/pdf/EI_Issues_And_Common_Misunderstandings.

The Myers & Briggs Foundation. (n.d.). MBTI basics. https://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/mbti-basics/