Learning Journal Unit 1
For this assignment I want you to comment on how and what you learned about yourself and EI.   Choose a competence that is most important to you and explain what attributes are most important and why.  Substantiate your choice as well as add one additional competence that reflects your culture, your family, or your views. Explain how each competence is important.

Here are the domains of EI and explanations for them:

 Self-Regulation
(i) Self-control: Managing disruptive emotions and impulses.
(ii) Trustworthiness: Maintaining standards of honesty and integrity.
(iii) Conscientiousness: Taking responsibility for personal performance.
(iv) Adaptability: Flexibility in handling change.
(v) Innovativeness: Being comfortable with and open to novel ideas and new
information.

• Self-Motivation
(i) Achievement drive: Striving to improve or meet a standard of excellence.
(ii) Commitment: Aligning with the goals of the group or organization.
(iii) Initiative: Readiness to act on opportunities.
(iv) Optimism: Persistence in pursuing goals despite obstacles and setbacks.
• Social Awareness

(i) Empathy: Sensing others’ feelings and perspectives, and taking an active
interest in their concerns.
(ii) Service orientation: Anticipating, recognizing, and meeting customers’
needs.
(iii) Developing others: Sensing what others need in order to develop, and
bolstering their abilities.
(iv) Leveraging diversity: Cultivating opportunities through diverse people.
(v) Political awareness: Reading a group’s emotional currents and power
relationships.

• Social Skills
(i) Influence: Wielding effective tactics for persuasion.
(ii) Communication: Sending clear and convincing messages.
(iii) Leadership: Inspiring and guiding groups and people.
(iv) Change catalyst: Initiating or managing change.
(v) Conflict management: Negotiating and resolving disagreements.
(vi) Building bonds: Nurturing instrumental relationships.
(vii) Collaboration and cooperation: Working with others toward shared
goals.
(viii) Team capabilities: Creating group synergy in pursuing collective goals.

These domains help individuals to know their emotions, managing your emotions; motivating yourself; recognizing and understanding other people’s emotions; and managing relationships, or managing the emotions of others when in a relationship.

Use this table of competencies and attributes to complete this assignment.

The Learning Journal entry should be a minimum of 400 words and not more than 750 words. Use APA citations and references if you use ideas from the readings or other sources. 

ANSWER:

I am new to the idea of emotional intelligence as new subject, however, I am happy that I could able to my knowledge by implementing it for this course. I used to paint for an agency that places an excessive fee on constructing sturdy group and customer relationships. The agency has invested closely with inside the group's EI / EQ education and supplied re-schooling guides as a minimum quarterly. From my non-public experience, I discovered lots approximately the way to manipulate my feelings and cope with tensions, anxieties, steady changes, and annoying conditions throughout my tenure. As a customer support executive, EI has allowed me to construct sturdy and lasting relationships with customers and previous teammates.

I have discovered that emotional intelligence enables construct self-awareness, which ends up in self-self belief and empowerment. I am liable for my shortcomings and might navigate my non-public development system without blaming human beings or situations. It creates sanity which can alter the temperament even though the anticipated result isn't loved. It enables me to construct together useful and worthwhile interpersonal relationships.

What I discovered from the MBTI kind check is that I love to do significant matters to construct relationships. I even have additionally discovered that I even have one of the rarest persona sorts striving for honesty and idealism. I`m now no longer amazed at the outcomes, as the reasons and capabilities are so intently associated with me. Over the years, I had a tough time figuring out it was introverted or extroverted. The check outcomes helped me become aware of my strengths and weaknesses at the same time as classifying myself into unique regions of life, inclusive of careers, relationships, parenthood, friendships, and workplaces.

Every 19 factors are critical given the economic corporation applications, however, I quite resonated with factor variety that 8 in which the research showed that the crucial factor motives of derailment in executives are the dearth of emotional competence. (Mosaic n.d), states that managers with the immoderate level of EQ apprehend and charge humans, create an experience of belonging, provide a sensible and hopeful future, and recognize the need for organization in humans' lives.

I agree that the loss of emotional capacity can result in conflicts, as human beings battle to tolerate every other. Also, loss of motivation and optimism could make it tough for managers to persuade group participants to adopt a profitable job. Without the proper capacity to apprehend the opposite person`s perspective, a few managers cannot conform to change, are negative at running with teams, and address folks that affect the final results they're looking to achieve. I'm now no longer proper at it.

Another issue that displays my culture, own circle of relatives, and ideals are the wide varieties 12 that optimism results in elevated productivity. (Mosaic, n.d.). Looking at 1/2 of a pitcher in place of 1/2 of empty, I assume some adjustments enhance the situation. Pessimistic conduct results in anxiety, stress, and growth in motivational individuals. When a person takes a bad attitude, the whole lot seems depressing to them and the probabilities of fulfillment are small. Optimism creates wishes and permits us to look at matters differently.

In my culture, having a religious ancient beyond becomes extra beneficial in retaining high-quality energy for the duration of tough times. Being spherical fine human beings in my very own family enhances my self-warranty and attitude. My very own family encourages each specific to do better and provides ongoing support. We are extra collective in culture, which creates opportunities to help each specific artwork together withinside the route of a commonplace vicinity goal. Being high-quality improves the overall outlook for life.

References,

Emmerling, R. J., & Goleman, D. (n.d., October). Emotional intelligence: Issues and common misunderstandings. The Consortium for Research on Emotional Intelligence in Organizations.  http://www.eiconsortium.org/pdf/EI_Issues_And_Common_Misunderstandings.

The Myers & Briggs Foundation. (n.d.). MBTI basics. https://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/mbti-basics/

Mosaic. (2010, January 4). White paper: Social and emotional intelligence. https://www.mosaicprojects.com.au/WhitePapers/WP1008_Emotional_Intellegence.
