Hello Everybody,

A passenger aircraft is composed of several millions of parts and requires thousands of persons to assemble. A four-lane highway bridge is another example of complexity. The first version of Word for Windows, a word processor released by Microsoft in 1989, required 55 person-years, resulted into 249,000 lines of source code, and was delivered 4 years late. Aircraft and highway bridges are usually delivered on time and within budget, whereas software is often not. Discuss what are, in your opinion, the differences between developing an aircraft, a bridge, and a word processor that would cause this situation.

John Avram


ANSWER:


 In the beginning, here I am going to discuss about my opinion which was about the differences between developing an aircraft, a bridge, and a word processor that would cause this situation. The aircraft and a bridge has two most important case history. For instance, if there are two products where one of the product design is complex when it had been detailed and that product can a strange change.  While this case could be biggest challenge to design it properly. Because in the construction those two products needs to be risked to maintain at the time of the production. Next if we build each program this challenge as very important for the product to make collaboration in several ways of the people. But a number of times it become necessary to make a big to make collaborative knowledge. Beside this program could able to assist us to solve many problems in the industries, such as, in finance sector industries or in medical sector and so on. There are also some terms where the program needs to be changed time after time for the industry progress. As a result, the new clarification could be utilized. But it could takes some years to develop and establish a product, it could be complete multiple times but the solution needs to be restored and build it if it is becomes outdated or not.  Many industries are example of it, as hi-tech accept the activity whether the basic ideas would be useful product or not. If it is applicable then this product can be deliver to the client as soon it will be possible. That time the product can be developed and taking the enlargements as well as it can be close to make a helping with any client to make a check of the features. As a result this is the biggest priority as well as it also require to make a direction change to be prepared the best for the clients demand. 



Reference
Marsic, I. (2012). Software engineering. Rutgers Unversity.
http://www.ece.rutgers.edu/~marsic/books/SE/book-SE_marsic.pdf.

